 Here's exactly how you should be setting up your LLC in order to maximize your funding within the next 30-90 days. Part 2. Now that you've watched everything in Part 1, now it's time to get your free EIN number. You should never have to pay for an EIN number. All you have to do is go to irs.gov, yes, the government website, apply for the EIN using the information that you created in Part 1, and get your EIN number downloaded immediately afterwards. It's an easy form that you'll be able to download as a PDF. Your EIN is basically your Social Security number for your business. Your SSN is 9 digits, your EIN is 9 digits. Next is to get your free DNB number with Dunn & Bradstreet. So all you have to do is visit dnb.com, use the business info that you established in Part 1 as well, and then get that form filled out. It takes less than 30 days. You'll get your free DNB number. It's super important that you get that number before moving on. Next is to register on the 401 directory. All you have to do is visit listyourself.net and then create your free business listing. Think of the 401 directory as a yellow pages back in the day that'll help get more exposure for your business and that'll help it become more easily searchable and identifiable. Next is to create a Google business profile. So all you have to do is go on Google, then type in Google business profile, and then you'll be able to sign up for it and create one for your business. Google is the biggest search engine on the planet, so make sure to take advantage of this. Now that you have all four of these set up, then you want to establish and set up social media accounts and a website as well for your business. You want to set up an Instagram page, Facebook page, TikTok, LinkedIn. It's super important, so it's easily recognizable and easy to search up and it populates more information online whenever they're searching up your business. Then you also want to use the domain that you created in part one to link that to your website so everything is matching together. Once you have all of this set up, now it's now time to start building business credit by utilizing Net30 accounts. Now what are Net30s? Net30s are basically accounts that you can sign up for that are by now paid later accounts that report to your business credit. So once you have an account with them, you can sign up, buy your items that you need and then be able to pay them off within 30 days. I don't suggest waiting 30 days to pay it off. If you can pay it off in two weeks, go ahead and pay it off immediately so that way you don't risk getting a late payment immediately on your brand new business. So here are five stage one accounts that you can easily sign up for. On each stage, you want to have about five to 10 accounts that are reporting onto your business credit before moving on to the next stage. So here are five easy ones that you can sign up for. We have now Creative Analytics, Crown Office Supplies, eCredible and ShirtZ. If you want the full list of all of my Net30 accounts that I have available and that I personally put together, comment school down below and you'll get free access to it immediately. Next, once you wait 30 days to get these reported onto your business credit, we move on to stage two. Stage two, we're going to sign up for the credit strong. We're going to specifically sign up for their $10,000 credit line then with Quill, Uline, Granger and Amazon. Wait 30 days. Once they report, we'll sign up for Sam's Club, Capital on Tap, Divvy, Brex and Torpago. This is no PG funding that you're easily going to be able to get specifically by utilizing your business credit and your EIN number.