 Here's exactly how you should be setting up your LLC in order to maximize for funding within the next 30 to 90 days. First thing you want to do is you want to make sure you're when you're picking your LLC name is that you do not pick a restricted industry title or an industry name. You want to make sure to keep this general and keep it broad. And when you're picking your name, you want to make sure that it ends off in one of these terms right here, either enterprises, consulting, group, solutions, services, logistics, operations, holdings, global, worldwide or management. This keeps your LLC super broad. Next you want to pick a low risk NAICS code. These are five different codes right here of industries that you can pick in order to be able to actually maximize the amount of funding that you get. So that way you don't look risky to the banks at all when you're applying for that funding. And these are the codes right here that you can choose and input. So that way they easily populate these industries. Next you want to pick a matching domain name. This name needs to match the LLC name that you picked previously. And you want to make sure that that domain name is ending in something official like .com, .net, et cetera. Next thing you want to do is you want to get a business phone number. You want to make sure that this is super important because the business phone number is what makes you look official whenever you're filling out these applications. The banks want to make sure that they're calling an actual business, not an individual. And that's the whole point of getting business funding. Same thing goes when you're getting your business email. You want to make sure you get that professional email utilizing that domain name that you picked out. And you want to make sure that it is info at yourcompanyname.com or hello at yourcompanyname.com and not your company name at gmail.com. This looks super unprofessional and doesn't look like a real company. Next thing you want to do, you want to make sure that you have a business address, not your home address. Even if you file it with your home address, guess what? Your home address is now public information for anybody to be able to find you. So you absolutely don't want to do that. You want to use a company like Regis, Opus or Alliance to be able to get a business address to make your business look legit. And the next thing you want to go ahead is ready and file your LLC using either busy, legal zoom or Zen business. And when you do this, make sure you're only paying for the state filing fee. I live in Texas, so our fee is $300. You don't want to pay for nothing extra. And the reason being, and if you want to find out, make sure to comment part two down below and you'll get the rest of the information to plug in. So that way you're setting yourself up to be able to get at least $50,000 in funding for your brand new business.