VIDEO_ID: -B3veSrnjGA
TITLE: MTP Backtesting Software Tutorial
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1255.9s
TRANSCRIBED: 164.3s processing
============================================================

Alright guys, this is my first tutorial of the new back testing tool for MTP. This is something you should definitely use in familiarized yourself with. This is much more powerful than the back testing we can do on trading view. However, trading view is still going to be useful for generating signals, seeing the signal on the chart and sending alerts. But for back testing, this is really powerful. It's going to make back testing much more efficient and better at finding the optimized best parameters. It's also going to help us visualize and get data on a portfolio level, and this is the big reason why I commissioned this project. By the way, I'm spending a lot of money on this, but I think it'll pay back over the years and please use it because I spent a lot of money so you didn't have to, whatever you spent to access this software is very, very small compared to what I'm spending. But now we can see on a portfolio level, so in the Discord there's the login credentials. So let me walk through essentially how it works. Now it allows us to choose a number of assets and we've just put in the biggest major ones. S&B 500, the NASDAQ, the Japanese stock market, the European stock market, Bitcoin, gold and silver. It lets us choose a start date and you can see in here we have all our different parameters that we can choose from. Now there's two ways you can use it. One is you can get optimized settings for the S&B 500, optimized settings for Bitcoin, optimized settings for gold. You can do that. But where I think it's more valuable is creating generalized settings that work on all of the assets and maybe we just stick with those. This is a philosophical decision. If you weren't about trading systems, you have to be wary of overfitting, which is when you, your trading system is so close to exactly what happened in the past that it's unlikely to repeat in the future. And this allows us for the first time we couldn't do this on trading view to create the best generalized settings that worked the same on all these. So I'm going to show you an example of how to do that and kind of walk you through. So first I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to date on the portfolio level. So let's go ahead and put on all of these different assets. Now for the start date, I'm going to choose 1965, why am I choosing 1965? Gold didn't really move before 1965, it was fixed to the dollar. It started to move a couple years later. But the period from say 1920 to 1965 is just the S&P 500 and we're trying to get an idea with gold and NASDAQ and silver and all these things. So I recommend starting around this time. Now for risk, you can choose a certain amount of capital to start with. Just like on trading, you can start with a percentage of equity or you can do fixed units, which is like contracts, percentage of equity or number of units. Now strategy, we're going to come back to this because you're going to see, it's going to automatically come up with the best, most generalized settings. So for optimization, we can optimize for a number of things. Sharp is like a smooth return, Sortino's related. I like Kalmar, Kalmar is basically the biggest return relative to the maximum drawdown. Kalmar is to help me make the most possible money regardless of the path. Sharp cares about, was it a smooth path to make the money, I don't care I just want to make money. I'm actually not sure what multi-variant means I'm going to need to ask. So when we go to parameter optimization, which I know it's the word optimization, but it's optimizing, something that works generally on all these settings, right, or for all these assets, it's going to do and number of back tests. So we can pick 200, we can pick any number, it's going to do this many back tests and it's going to pick the best one. Now another way to prevent overfitting is rather than just pick the best parameter, I'm going to identify a range of 20 parameters, this is the number here, that work and pick something in the middle. So the idea is if the stop loss works from 3 to 10, I want to pick 6, which is in the middle. So that way it's more likely, even if 3 was the best possible, one of 2 was unprofitable, we don't want to do that, right? So now that we have our assets and the date set and our goal, we're optimizing for Kalmar, we're going to do 200 back tests, and I wanted to do, pick the 20 best parameters for each and pick them on in the middle, we're going to hit optimize, okay? So it's going to do this pretty quickly here, okay, 20% done, so it's going to be done in about 15 seconds. And what it's doing is it's running 200 back tests right now, and so it's picking these for our particular settings, it's picking these as the best parameters, and you can see now it filled that out on the left side, so we can take that into the back test. So it's saying a stop loss of 7, a TP of 49, work back for the stop loss 293 days, TP looking back 16 days, pyramid of 5, so min pyramid is interesting, this is a concept that's important, which isn't on the trading view one yet, I might add it, but if you have min pyramids set to 3, it doesn't take the first two trades, and this helps you because any bad asset can still make an occasional breakout, but only the best assets can get into a third breakout, right? So that protects you, and I think min pyramid would be useful if we're trading weak assets, but since we only trade the best, it doesn't matter as much, it's got the look back age. I'll be updating this, but it's going to have conditional clothes, it's going to have moving average, stuff like that, we're going to add it. So I'm going to hit walk forward, optimize two, and see how this changes things. What walk forward optimization does is, it basically is testing a 10 year block at a time, and then seeing how it performs, basically it's splitting the back test up in a different regimes, so the idea is it's going to help create, I don't fully understand it if I'm being honest, I mean, I'm, I'm like you, I'm kind of a normie, I didn't code this, I commissioned the code, but the developer thinks walk forward optimization is maybe the most important thing to prevent overfitting because it lets you create a system and then test on new data, which wasn't seen, so okay, so here we can see for instance, let's look at max pyramid, and the 1980s 10 pyramid was the best, and the 2010s, for a pyramid was the best, so it's going to pick something in between right, so there was a time in the 1990s when a minimum period of three was superior, okay, so this gives us some more information, but anyways it's time to run the back test because the parameter optimization gave us the best settings for this particular, so now we can also others one other thing relative weights, so I might say I want to run a bigger portion of gold and a little bit less NASDAQ to balance it a little bit more and I want a bit more Bitcoin, so I'm going to go back into parameter optimization, oops, now I'm going to parameter optimization, and I'm going to optimize again, so it can optimize based on relative weights, and depending on you see this, it might also pick the best relative weights, so you can see how much faster this is than doing this on trading view, it's doing 200 trials and it's just picking, it's like, it's just not something human could do, okay, so now the parameters change slightly but not too much which is good because we want to see it's just generally good, right, so here we went from 7 to 6 for the stop loss and we've been trading at 5, which is close enough, the pyramid maximum from 5 to 7, Cp went from 49 to 41, it's basically stayed mostly the same which is exactly what we want to see, now we can run the back test, so there's different metrics, again hey it's not the best shore pressure but that's not what we're optimizing for red, so it can show the individual equity returns, gold, really, carried significantly, that's interesting, so we might want to increase some of these other ones, but anyways we go to period returns and this is starting to give us a better data of what to expect, so this with this particular back test, this is the distribution of years and we can see that for this back test, 70% of years we're mining and 30% are losing and that might scare you guys, but this is one of the reason I encourage you to stick with us, I've had a losing years trading, we're going to have some losing years, some of the winning years are going to be really big, with this particular back test, the average losing year it was negative 11, negative 12%, the average winning year was 47%, which created an average year of 30%. Now I'm going to show you, we'll try to optimize a bit more, I did find ways to get like 75 or 80% winning years but there's going to be some losing years, but you can see the winning years are significantly bigger and it also is going to give us data on different timeframes, so if we go to decade, it won 100, this particular back test at 100% of decades, the average decade is 22,000% return, which is 20x, so your 100,000 would turn into 2,000, but you can see that all of these years we're like weaker like 400% to 300,600% we're just good, but I'm going to show you how to get more and say in return, a lot of it was in the 2020s because of Bitcoin in this back test, now we can also look at days, we can look at a different period returns, see winning days, 48% losing days, 41% this is data we didn't have on trading view, so you might think, well, I want to win all every day, well, this is normal to lose about half the days and win slightly more days and you're average 20 days a lot more, slightly more, now you might also be wondering why it doesn't add up to 100 because it doesn't trade every single day, so we can also look at a week, 54% of weeks for winning with this back test, 52%, so it just compounds over time, the longer the time friend, the better it does, 56% of winning months, 56% of winning quarters, so later on we're going to optimize this and you're going to get trade data, typically the win rate is around 50% and the win is a little bit less than 2 times bigger than the loss, so it's you know, small expecting seed but one of the beautiful things about the system is that it's likely to keep working forever relatively because we've done so many things to create a make it robust between in sample out of sample the walk forward parameter optimization testing, sorry parameter sensitivity testing is what we call median parameter setting and then also running on so many assets for so many decades, it's really generalized it's likely to keep working, so there's a couple of things we can do one thing if you want to juice the returns you just risk more, so I'm going to change 100% of equity to 200% also there was right now is a 47% max drawdown, what's double and see what happens just increase that, so now our max drawdown is 76% which all of you guys maybe wouldn't want to handle see might want to risk less but you can see how that changes the average year, the average winning year is now 100% gain the average losing year is negative 22, so if you want to be more aggressive this is how you can do it, so I'm going to play around with some things we're going to have optimization waiting optimization to give you an idea but I just want to try some things like change the size of a little bit 70% winning years, I'm going to go back to parameter optimization now where we have comma 200 trail trials just play with this increase the number of trials and parameters this is going to make it take longer so I'm just going to run it again but you can just see how powerful this is and how useful this is going to be it's running 300 it's running 300 back tests and it's picking the best one that's the most it's not picking the best one it's identifying the 30 best parameters and picking something in the middle okay so this one changed the min pyramid to one which is quite interesting where it doesn't take the first break out it only takes the second break out that's quite interesting let's see how this changes the back test so let's run a new back test okay and see how much this improved things actually so now we have 75% winning years I'm going to change the rest of you again average losing year is negative nine average winning is 41 the sharp one up a lot or a little bit so I'm going to try increasing the risk insane that's great actually this is kind of crazy again you see how much gold carry this portfolio so I'm interested in playing around with that a little bit but I mean this looks pretty good to me negative draw out a max 55% 75% winning years the average winning year is 60% the average losing is 13% again must you guys want to probably make money every year but it's not so simple to do it's also not necessary to grow a wealthy I'm just going to play with this a little bit more I'm going to reduce gold's position because it was such an outsized part of that particular back test so I'm just going to try it so I'm going to run new settings and again you can instead of just doing this on the portfolio level you could do it for individual assets and optimize for those whether that's going to get better returns or not I don't know look how just changing reducing gold in the portfolio the stop loss multiple came down quite a bit so let's see we're running the new back test and see now it was Bitcoin that's carried the most not gold so I don't necessarily want that much portfolio volatility but now we are up to 77% winning years losing years I mean this is really great right average winning year and the max drawdown is 39%. Now I'm going to reduce Bitcoin more and run the back test again because the idea is that to increase winning years you have more balance so we're going to we're going to make it so it optimizes waiting to which gives an idea of how many contracts to run okay and then I'm going to do one more thing at the end so it's on the back test again now the SPX is the biggest one on the curve let's see how this change then similar so I mean portfolio waiting doesn't necessarily need to change things that much now the last thing I'm going to do so we have this percentage of equity I'm going to change it to fix the units and units 10 I boy that is essentially one contract we'll start with say a $25,000 account and let's set to for 10 years ago and this will kind of tell us how much money we made if we traded this this way so let's set 2015 till now I must run the back test it's showing a million dollar game with a 61% drawdown so I mean this is how it would have looked by year you know it's interesting it's showing 59% for 2025 when I did 500% for 2025 but this just gives an idea of what's possible but look with this particular settings it actually didn't basically didn't make anything from 2021 2022 2022 2023 it's interesting and just want crazy in December 2020 but that's the power of compounding averaging 70% a year these years to 100% 100% so I do think I'm going to run one more parameter optimization for the past 10 years and see but the idea is to use the thing that generally works the most and I mean I'm still happy to use a stop loss of around 5 it kind of makes sense to me okay so let's run the back test and see 2 million okay now I'm curious about the years so it's showing it's interesting it shows a 5% return for 2025 probably because silver was a small part of the portfolio but some of these years were such big returns I'm going to increase silver and see how that if that if it like picks that up because that's I mean the reason one of the reasons we did so well last year was because of silver run the back test again and that made things worse why doesn't it show a huge gain on silver I think maybe it doesn't compound I'm kind of confused still it's good this this is now showing a hundred percent winning years so it can't be too much about that it's probably because it goes down because it's not compounding okay anyways I'll be fine this helpful and useful and please share performance returns you got with the group okay appreciate you all in a well huh
