VIDEO_ID: 0ptg3gu-RhI
TITLE: Up $473k on my TRX Trade - Deep Dive into Fundamentals and Chart Analytics
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1117.2s
TRANSCRIBED: 56209.6s processing
============================================================

That's $473,000 right now that I'm up on the tron trade. I'm gonna break it down I'm gonna talk about my plans for exit Kind of how the trade is gone and I'm gonna go through the fundamentals I've been making videos on this trade for going back to the last summer So it's been almost a year and it's come to fruition My stops and profit. I've like over 200,000 dollars locked in profit now. I have two things on the screen The one is my first entry, which is brilliant. I mean, I mean, I I Mean I wasn't spot through here, and I bought within an hour of the low, and I did that because I Kind of know it to look for as far as a Compitulation and despair, but then again. I'm also trading it with a Computer system mtp works really well, and that's one of the reasons why I spotted TRX as a tradable asset because it's performed so well It's performed so well, so I've made my position really big I bought initially here and then I added a little here and then I've added on these breakout signals eight and nine and ten Now I'm gonna go into the fundamentals in just a minute, and this is what the trade is But right now the chart trade is to sell spring high I know people are thinking about this right? Why do I say that because it? Let's make this fine This is just what traders like to do right so price came up here and it's selling off at that and people down here I want to take profit people up here. I want to go short Well, I'm gonna tell you why I don't really care about that and it's possible I get stopped out And it's fine. I'll just ran through later But What's got into the actual thesis of the trade for one is relative strength this is TRX Bitcoin Right it is absolutely demolishing Bitcoin I mean obviously we can go back and look at Crazyness in 2018 2017 whatever, but if we look out from the 2021 2022 bottom and If we look at relative strength recently say from Even the start of the year. It's up 65% on Bitcoin It's I mean it looks like it just if we zoom out on the chart. It's very strong, right? This is the TRX chart. This is what the TRX chart looks like this is what the Bitcoin chart looks like It's not doing very well, but at the same time as in P500 NASDAQ I'm gold and silver aren't working very good either right now, but they had a really strong run the Japanese market The European market if we look at M2 money supply We're out new all-time highs so There's not really a liquidity reason why a TRX can do it and the big reason is this is the USTT money supply So the reason that TRX is valuable which we're going to get into in a moment is Because it is transmitting All of the stablecoins in the space of the majority of them not all of them, but the majority of them go through tron large institutions use it to settle their books small players use it for remittance or for freelancing all sorts of reasons it's being used so one of my These things is like, yeah, there's risk around USTT despite it being the most boss chart in the space, but if I'm gonna be in crypto I'm just gonna bet on USTT because It's the strongest chart and TRX is the closest proxy to USTT that you can you can't invest in USTT Right, you can invest in TRX which is sort of reflexive based on USTT So I was getting into the fundamentals a little bit I'm gonna start with total transaction volume So we can go to all-time and and it did have a dip at the end of 20 at the end of last year, but it's sort of recovering, but I mean regardless the last 30 days Transfer volume Hasn't really recovered this week, but this week is a holiday It's been trending up and What is the numbers here like though the weekend it's transferring $10 billion and during the week it's transferring over 30 so we're talking about a coin that is it's averaging $27 billion a transfer volume a day So what's the average transfer volume a day on Bitcoin network so just to compare Right, so this is part of the thesis 11 to 13 billion dollars a day. So TRX is moving two to three times the the value of the Bitcoin network Now what's the average transfer volume a day on VISA network? Let's look at VISA network 39 billion a day So we're talking about TRX is Moving 27 billion dollars a day VISA is moving 40 billion dollars a day and people aren't talking about this What is VISA worth? Okay, six hundred billion dollars Okay, what is a tron network worth 34 billion dollars so VISA is processing What 30% more payment volume and has a 20x evaluation is that over pressure is tron under pressed? Now we can go into I like to look at Transactions Is it going to show us I want to see total transactions 12 million 14 billion total transactions I think this works better on the phone here it is okay So transactions if we look at all time it's steadily up it had some spikes, but it's near the all-time highs If we look at the last year, this is a healthy network that's growing this is just a growing network And we can look at where the transactions are going Here and a huge amount of the transactions Over two million a day are Transferring USTT now just for comparison How many transactions per day is the XRP network processing okay? I'm curious So between two and three million transactions per day okay and Tron is processing 12 million transactions a day Okay, so Tron is transferring Total transactions 4 to 6 times sorry, yeah 4 to 6 times as many transactions today as XRP XRP's market cap is More than double troms still so is XRP overvalued as tron undervalued How could we measure things measure you can measure of hype and hope and narrative for the future, but what is actually happening today? XRP is not Moving the value in the back and that it was supposed to tron is The banks haven't adopted XRP widewood day. It's not their job to have risk on their assets But the new banks the exchanges aren't using XRP either they're using TRX tron So We can also look at USTT total supply 90 days is just going up. There's a better way to look at that, but if we go to Tether transparency official chart We see that In terms of USTT on the chain Number one is ETH Ethereum network is 97 billion Number two is tron with 89 billion So Ethereum only has about 10 10% more USTT on it but ETH is valued at 243 billion market cap tron is at a 30 billion market cap. So what's that? Eight times the value and only 10% more USTT on it What's going on there now we can also look at total protocol revenue This got slashed when they just voted to reduce the protocol revenue so that's something that can happen again But it's still doing $7 million, no total revenues averaging around recently like eight million dollars a day Okay eight million dollars a day. What is the average daily revenue of fees from Bitcoin network? $150,000 are you kidding me? Eight million dollars if it's a hundred and fifty thousand dollars No wonder the Bitcoin network sucks. What about Ethereum? Okay six point eight five point five million to six point eight. So similar but tron is doing more more Is doing more Transaction value and it's doing more processing more fees than Ethereum. It's number one in the space So for me there's a couple things that I'm looking to exit One is if it flipped Ethereum maybe I would maybe I would retire it another would be if any of these metrics started to come down But I mean in my opinion It's maybe more valuable than Bitcoin why because I'm not saying it will flip the coin. I don't believe it will fall But I believe it will flip XRP it will flip the NB It might flip it these are targets for me Because what is about point of money the number one point of money is not savings That's number two. It's not yield and borrowing that's number three. Number one is sending Chontiox is good for sending money Okay, that's where it's winning So now let's talk about getting out again. So there's a number of things I'm going to look for In terms of the trade that I showed you at the beginning is a Crypto perpetual futures where I'm paying or being paid fees Okay, so There's a couple things I'm looking for to get out again one is If it flipped XRP now I'm thinking like all right now. It's maybe closer to how it's really priced So I'm not just investing and I think this thing this network is valuable but I'm investing in this thing is hugely undervalued today and the only negative thing people can say about is is Justin Son the CEO They don't like him. They think he's shady. I don't care In fact, I like a Chinese billionaire people don't want to see another Chinese billionaire I'm Chinese. I'm happy for another Chinese billionaire all investing Justin Son I really don't care and I don't think that he has that much to do with the metrics that we showed you anyways so now let's get into the Advanced chart data and What I would can when I all consider closing the perpetual future trade and maybe moving it to spot So Something that's been really interesting about TRX is that it has persistent negative funding Do you know it negative funding means so essentially the funding rate tells you the position of Volume and traders in the market so let's go maybe we could go the daily chart It tells you if everyone wants to be short. You see red on this line and it means that People want to be short the volume on net is short if you see a green line it means the volume on net is green If you see green the volume on net is long So something about Sean you notice is it spends a lot of time with negative funding Why does it spend a lot of time with negative funding? I don't know I'm speculating but I believe that sense banks are not in the business of holding Valdal assets on their books crypto exchange is probably or not either so when they need by the way the mechanism is Essentially TRX is as how the U.S.D. team network is secured you need TRX to send to send to U.S.D.T So these exchanges have to buy a bunch of TRX and every day every transaction is burning and buying a little but they don't want it on their books So they go short this the perpetual future market as a hedge this is what I believe Now we can see if you look at the aggregate CVD spotlight This shows people buying the underlying asset the top one is under people selling the futures asset If we're to look at Bitcoin's chart it doesn't look anything like this. This is very unique in the crypto space We see persistent spot buying we see persistent futures selling which means what that kind of is Confirming my thesis of the exchange is keep buying TRX spot because they need it And they're selling on the futures market to hedge Now what that means is finding is often negative Where normally you couldn't hold such a big swing position because my position is multiple million dollars it's almost three million is three million dollar position If I'm paying 10% APR which is typical on the perpetual futures market that is $3,000 and fees a month Roughly $300,000 and fees a year But you kidding me I couldn't afford that but Sense the big players in the space or short it allows me to get paid where up until recently. I had been paid to hold the position and I'm right now It's negative so I'm getting paid right now to hold this position so Despite this being a chart trade my goal and my help is that I can just Hold through whatever pullback happens again my stop loss is Quite far away and I would be stopped out for hundreds of thousands dollars profit and then I would just buy back hire I was just moving to spot at that point also, but We can also see open interest market cab ratio. It's very low. It's 0.6 You see back in some kind of mania back here There was heavy short interest. It was three so This is very low for crypto and means that there's just not very much leverage in it so the chance of a leverage flush is quite unlikely But just to tell you one of the things that I'd be looking for to close this position a couple things would be huge amount of open interest coming in If this number one from 0.6 to 1.2 if it like doubled I would maybe close the position if I need again any of the fundamentals deteriorate I will get out and not even try again But one of the things that I'm looking for is for the funding rate to get quite high again At which point I would get out and I'll tell you why I would get out if the funding rate cut quite high two reasons one High funding rates in the markets often signal tops because it says people are quite on and then at that point it means that The market's more vulnerable to a leverage flush so we saw that back and What month was this When we were over here August of last year which was the last high Funding got quite high it was and when funding gets quite high it gets really expensive to hold the position I might be paying thousands of dollars in fees a day so I'm basically waiting for funding to get hot Or to get stopped out or fundamentals to whatever so I am gonna exit based on whatever I'm using my main system to Set my stops Obviously I went a little bit rogue with the early entry and the position size but I have fundamental reasons to want to stick with it But also I have real pressures of this massive three million dollar leverage trade It's two to three million dollars so I would be happy to get out Let's see how big it is actually right now so it's 7.5 million to your access my position and it's said at about 37 cents So it's a point two point seven million dollar position right now another thing that I need to think about the last one is slippage Because I actually have a whale position right now We're not talking that big coin that has a really big thick order book so Me selling a three million dollar position actually is gonna slip It's actually gonna slip the chart and I might it might cost me like $30,000 to get out so I observed this happen right in here actually In these areas I believe Yeah, these were this was someone making like a $10 million market order and this was a really large cell order And average so that's also something I need to think about in a reason why There's not really much foam of like oh, I could have made the trade so much bigger initially down here. I could have but I'm holding Most of what's reasonable to hold because It's the position is just so big It's just getting unreasonable and difficult to get out So as far as upside targets though again Kind of looking for other things and I expect if price starts to get up here if I'm in might get hot But it's not bearish or a sell for things to get hit new highs. It's forced because if something Makes new highs it's strong if it doesn't it's weak So I mean I would be looking I have my T.P. said it's 61 cents. I don't expect to make it that far Just because in case there was something crazy that happened and no member of 2024 Where it went I know member December at one 100% in two days in one day at one a hundred percent and I think and then it immediately came back to the level that it came back to the exact level that is Kind of burst up from and I'm I'm pretty sure that this was those exchange positions getting liquidated I mistake and then price return exactly to where it should have been and other than that You can see how or away this whole thing has been but that's why I want to Have my T.P. Have a T.P. just in case something like that happens. So anyways, that's the whole trade I'm gonna update you guys a later on and we'll see what happens appreciate you much love and a low-ha
