VIDEO_ID: 9ODMAYCirq0
TITLE: Giving You a Full Trading Education for Free
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 6974.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 3402.4s processing
============================================================

Right here everybody, welcome. I'll try to help you guys out as much as I can. The basic idea for this is it doesn't seem like there's that much economic opportunity on a ballhouse, especially west of Wahoo. But there's unlimited economic opportunity on line on the internet. So you don't need to move to make money here necessarily. We met some of you guys were here earlier in January and that was focused on how to make something from nothing. Like attention is a free goal that you can take down and literally all you need is a phone and internet and you can make money. Today I'm going to be talking about using your money to work for you. So trading and investing. I've been in the markets for about six years. I've had some wins in some losses. This last year, the main account that I trade, I grew it by 530% that's not normal, that's like six X. As we're going to see with math, how much you make off that really depends. Like if you have a thousand bucks, congrats. You made an extra five round. I put in $40,000. I made an extra $210,000. But if I put in a hundred or like if I put in 200, it's a million, right? So the first most important thing is understanding what trading investing is in it isn't. It's not a printer. It can't print you money. It's like a copy machine. It will copy what you have. So if you're thinking why don't have anything, then yeah, it's maybe not worth it for you right now. But you can also think about how you raise money, which is something that I'm going to talk about too, which is yeah. So we've got into these things. I'm going to try not to sell anything. All of the money that I made that I could use to invest is made from selling trading software. So I pitched that online. I'm not trying to do that today. I'm trying to give you everything I can for free. So once you get into it. So first I want to talk as much as I can when I accept real expectations about what's possible and why. A lot of people on the internet are going to tell you that you can make something from nothing, which is why. Well, that's true. With a lot of different business models. If you do sales, marketing, e-commerce, drop shipping, selling a digital product. That's true. That's not true with trading. And also this idea that it's going to be like a consistent income. You can click your job. It won't. Trading will never do that for you. And the reason why as it gives you variable returns. So money does contribute to happiness involving. And the main way it does that is a reduces stress. A paying the bills. Right? Like you want to know you got your rent paid or your mortgage. You have food paid, if your car paid. So we want repeatable income. Trading can never do that because you're getting paid off of random variants. Some months you're going to make money. Some months you're going to lose money. Over the regular job, you're always going to make money. Some months you might make more or less. Some months you will spend time and you will lose money. So think about how stressful that is if you're relying on that. I know some guys who are very high up there. And they may lose a million dollars in a month. I don't care how big your bank will is if you lose a million dollars in a month. You're going to feel really tight on money. You're going to be stressed out. So what trading isn't is it will never replace job income. That's not what it is. If you try to do it, you're going to stress yourself out so much. You're trying to make it consistent when it's not. What trading investing is as a multiplies your savings. So that matters. Multiplying your savings and that can give you things like money for down payment on a house. Or rainy day funds. Someone gets sick or you want to relocate. Move. Be out of work for a while. Another question also is how important is it to grow your savings. I'm like all the hierarchy of things in life. Like family. Your health. Some kind of mission purpose. It's important. It should never be. Like multiplying savings should never be the most important thing. Right. I don't think so. It just doesn't make sense. But it is important. So. Now. For all of you guys. What's realistic. Is you put money in the market. And you forget about it. And you compound. You make about 10% a year on average. What that actually looks like is about two thirds of the years. You might grow your account by 20%. One third of the years. You. Crowd shrinks by 10%. And the hundred years. The S&P 500, which is the main stock market index. It goes up about 70% of the time. The winners are bigger than the losers. But yeah. You actually lose money. Some years doing this. And you got paid for taking on that risk. Which is. Is important. Understand. You can make money every year guaranteed. If you do like savings account. Something like. Or CDs. Just to get deposit. But you're not beating inflation. You're getting like. Right now. The rates like three or four percent. Which is. Supposedly what inflation. This inflation might actually be more. We don't know. So that's what's sort of realistic. But what's nice about that is it doesn't take any time. You just take your money and you set it aside. Now. I'll tell you what's possible. What's not normal. But it's possible. If you guys want book recommendations. By the way. I'm going to get into these a little bit. But this is if you can only read one book. I really like this one. It's called the complete turtle trader. So there's a man named Richard Dennis. He was trading in the 70s and 80s. And he on average doubled his money every year for 19 years. He averaged about 90, some hundred percent a year for 19 years. This is not normal. That's like the. Basically the best performance of anyone in history. Warren Buffett probably a lot of you guys have heard of him. He's probably the highest net worth investor trader. He averaged between 30 and 40 percent a year. But he did it for 60 years. So Richard Dennis. First the question is how was he able to average 100 percent a year. One of the reasons why is he took significant more risk than the average person is going to take. So it. At many points. On this path from 400 dollars to 200 million dollars. He lost half of it. And he retired after losing. Now imagine. You grow your account to 100,000. And then you lose half. How are you going to feel? It's down to 50. You count it on that money. And then you grow it all the way to a million. And you lose 500,000 is down to five. And you got to do a 200 million. And then you lose 100 million. It's very stressful. Like it's not for most people. This isn't normal. But one of the things you're paid for is taking risk. If you can take that risk. Then. Your potentially will be rewarded for it. One of the reasons why I was able to grow my account by so much last year is because I had a stable job. Yes. I had a little side business. Like I'm. I had enough that my rents paid for my cars paid for. I can breathe. If I lose all my money. I'm not going to be homeless. I'm going to be okay. So trading from a point of security where you're going to be okay. Even if you lose what you have. Psychologically it makes it way easier. But yeah, it's just not like trying to grow your account. Huge. You want. You have to be prepared for losing a lot of money at different parts. Like those three out of ten years the market goes down. Maybe you lost half your money. But then it. You doubles and doubles, right? So that's the reality is. Yeah. So I'm going to talk about the skills basically. I think the most important thing is. It's math and also concepts. Now this isn't. It's not like rocket science. It's not calculus. It's not differential equations. It's not physics. It's basic statistics. But I think that's the most important skill. It's not psychology. People will tell you you need the psychology. That doesn't make up for not being able to do the basic math. So what I put up on the screen is just like a. One of the basic formulas. If you put on a trader investment. Your expectancy or what you expect to make. Is your win rate. Times your. Yeah. It can be even simpler than this. It's basically your risk reward times your win rate. Like if you win. One moment. If you win like half the trades. But your wins are twice as big as your loss. Then your expectancy is. Point five. And then it depends how much you risk. I put this just because it's a basic. There's a lot of other kinds of math. But it's all within the realm of statistics. So I think it really matters. It's. It's not super hard. It's more conceptual and like basic multiplication and basic math. But again, if trading is a game of. Copying and multiplying. You need to know multiplication. So you don't need to be a rocket scientist. But that is the most important skill. So we're going to get into some kind of math. But you'll see it's like a lot of this conceptual. So if I can tell you anything. This this is what I hope to do is to save anyone from going down this route. Because I went down this route. It was absolutely terrible for me. Like created a hell on earth for myself for myself. So what is day trading. Day trading is when you're trying to profit off quick moves in the market. Where you are actually on the charts. And like trying to buy and sell. So what it just doesn't work very well in Hawaii because. The stock market is open while we're asleep. But if you look at the. Data from the brokers of the brokers that basically who puts your trades through to the market. Over a seven year period basically everyone was as money day trading. And there's a lot of reasons why. One of the reasons why is commissions and fees. So if you. Every time you enter or exit a trade you pay a fee. If you are holding the thing for two years that fees are relevant. But if you open it because of open it cause all you're doing is tracking up fees. And it's really hard to beat those fees. Another reason is. We're in 2026 and the technologies are ridiculous. AI and automation. Even past decades. The. The. I told you about one. The best ever hedge fund is a man named Jim Simons. The company's named Renaissance technologies. The fun was called the medallion fund. The average 60% a year. For decades. Really insane. But also again if you're what is 60% if you have. 10,000 to the best. It's an extra six k. It's not going to be life changing. But once you have a hundred k is an extra 60,000 right. If you have a million it's an extra 600. So bigger numbers is better. But on the Renaissance technologies. They hired a bunch of Harvard scientists. A bunch of mathematicians. Guys who are cracking code for the government. And how to write a bunch of computer programs. And they're these algorithms that are running automatically. So if you're trying to day trade that's to your competing against. That technology is 20 years old. There's new. There's a new kind of AI called neural network. I don't know if anyone knows how that works. I don't really. But it's. The kids are using it and it's just. I. You're not going. You're not going to beat anyone. But the problem though is. Again. If you lose money. But you didn't spend time. It's not that big a deal. It's like I set this money aside. I lost money this year. I didn't lose my time. But day trading becomes a job. Where. I showed up to work every day and I lost money this year. That's obviously not sustainable. I've experienced. It's really rough. You don't want that. And even if you win, you create a job where you're sitting on the computer. And it's stressful. And you're missing the sunrise. Or you're missing the sunset. You're not outside. You're not around other people. So even if you win, you lose. Because your life sucks. So there's a lot of these influencers who are waiting to pretend. You see it on social media. And if I didn't say anything from you. It would be don't go down that road. People will tell you this is my passionate love doing it. Well, people love to smoke math. And people love to do all kinds of things that are bad for them. Gambling. Day trading addiction. It's a gambling addiction. It's really serious. It wipes up your brain. You dopamine. It's so exciting. You have this crazy risk on. Those are raw costs. You get dopamine. You're putting on the trade. Now you're stressed out. You've got cortisol. You exit the trade at a loss. And you've got relief. And you feel good. Even though you lost money. It becomes this loop. It's. It's. Can take away your whole life and now you're. Doing it while you're driving. And while you're supposed to be working your job. You're in the bathroom. And. I know it's happening here. Like I know some of these life cards are. Data trading from the. I've been told about this. They're day trading in the. The life cards. It's like. Don't go down that route. So if I can say that anyone from doing that. Don't do that because. You're going to lose. And even if you went. You're going to lose. And you're going to lose your money. So what can actually work. This is a picture of Warren Buffett. Um. So there's two kinds like investing in algorithmic trading algorithmic trading. Algorithmic trading is what I explain. Jim Simons. Minnesota. That's so hard to do. I've been trying to make that work. I've worked with these. Young kids. I don't know where they are. The mainland. And they're writing this computer systems. It hasn't worked for me yet. I've. But I'm still trying because. It's possible. I've seen that it's possible. It's just very difficult because it's so competitive. Who you're competing against. It's so competitive. Investing does work. It's that business. And I'm going to share a version of investing. But if you're just part of your money in the stock market. 10 years. You're most likely made money. If you pick the right stock or you pick the right asset. Maybe you did better than 10% of your. And maybe you did 20 or 30%. Investing absolutely works. I'm going to explain why let's come back to this. So this chart that I have here. This is the US money supply chart going back to 1959. What do they see? It's just going straight up into the right. There was this little blip during. Uh, 2022 where they tighten things up. But basically it just. They're just printing more and more and more money. And what that does is makes everything cost more. And this is the wage squeeze we feel where. Man, I was getting paid the same. In 2010. It's been 16 years. Like what's going on here. Why does the wage take so long to catch up. So this is what's making us poor. It's not that we're getting paid the last. It's that the cost of everything goes up because they're. Because they're printing money. So. There's something called the count on effect, which is essentially the people closest to the money. Benefit the most in the first. So if I am like working for the government. Somehow. And. Uh, they print money to fund my bill and it goes in my pocket. I can spend it before the price of things have gone up. So these people were closer to the money supply. Benefit from printing more money and all of us. It hurts us. I mean, say you have. 10,000 year savings. And the money supply goes from one trillion to 10 trillion. It's like you're a little piece of pizza. It just got shrunk down more and more. So that's what we're fighting. And unfortunately, this is why I think this is a necessary skill. I would have loved to never have the one this. But I think because of inflation. You have to because otherwise you can't save effectively. Right. So you can do basic rudimentary versions of it. But if you don't. If you don't want this, you'll never have. You'll never be able to. Have like a meaningful growing cushion. I think this will never change because I see greed as a universal law of life. It's not about then people act in their own interest. All life forms act in their own interest. A little of me was acting in their own interest. So if I'm close to the money. And they're giving it to me. Like I'm going to spend it, right? It's just a problem with when you're far away from the money. We're far away from the money. But this is something we can take advantage of. I'm going to come back to that. So I'm going to talk a little bit about limiting beliefs. The first one is that there's not opportunity in Hawaii. It's the internet. It's the same everywhere. There's no advantage to being in New York or LA or Miami. It's the exact same internet. One is thinking about how to get the money. That one you have to be more creative on. I'm not going to spend too much time on it because that was kind of what the last one was about as a way to start a business based on intention for free on Instagram and convert that. But it could also be saving more money. It could be hustling a little bit more. It could be, um, I mean, a way that you need for family and inherit. It could be, it might happen later in life. It could be asking people. I mean, just being creative. And the other thing is you don't need to spend time. So the, I did five hundred thirty percent. I did it while working full time. And I did it while making content part time. I didn't spend very much time on it. It doesn't need to take time. It shouldn't. It should not take time because you're risking your money already. You should not risk your money and time together because then you can lose both. So you have your work. Ideally, it's a job that you like and your guaranteed paid. Your time is guaranteed rewarded. And then you risk your money on the side. But not your time. It's like you're a little army because your soldiers you sent out for you and you hope that they went for you and bring back recruit more money. But you don't need to spend much time. And the last thing is if you think money is evil or you shouldn't be wealthy. I mean, you're just benefits so much and you can spend more here. You can tip more. You can get out more. You can. It's just so beneficial to have more money circulating in this economy. So. Okay. So I'm going to talk about this concept. I'm doing leverage investing. So real estate is the most basic form of leverage investing that most people understand. Where we'll say 20 percent down. Say you put 20 percent down. And you essentially get the title to the entire house. And you owe 80 percent of the dollar value. But you own 100 percent of the price of the house if you sell it. Right. So this is a this is a good way to build both. And it's something you could do and it's totally fine. It's good. It's worked for a very long time. The reason why it works is on a 30 year mortgage. Or how go on 30 years. At the end of the 30 years, you owe the house. And those. The dollars becoming worth less than less over five years, 10 years, 20 years, 30 years. So what what you need to pay back and your mortgage payment is going to stay the same for 30 years. It might be a lot now. But in 20 years it's like. Ben's gone up. Your pays gone up. Everything's gone up. This is meaningless. So that's why real estate investing works. And it's considered not a very risky thing to do. Right. Because you own a house. And you owe dollars. So I'm going to explain. I'm going to explain a version of that. But I mean the main reason it works is because inflation. Because they're diluting the value of the dollar. You own something real and you owe dollars. Now I hope this never happens here. But there's times in history where there's such a thing called hyperinflation. And that's where they print so much money. Prices double every day. It's really insane. It happened in Germany in the 1918-1920. It happened in Venezuela. Argentina's had a version of this. In the past. Brazil inflation has been like 30-40%. One of the most extreme examples was why we're in Germany. Germany lost the first World War. The Allies put these huge taxes on them. They couldn't pay it. They decided to print a bunch of money. Presently, what do we double every overnight? Everyone was working. But you would come home. And you'd go to the store and spend everything you have. And buy everything in the store. Because the dollar is worthless. People would be pushing carts of money. This happens throughout history. Some people got very wealthy in this environment. How? They took out a bunch of debt. There's a man in Henry Stenner's. They called him the debt came. He took out as much paper debt as he could. He bought businesses. And he's now my owns all the businesses. And what he owes is worthless, right? Does this concept make sense? So real estate investing is a slow-motion version of that. Where are you owns something? And you owe something that's becoming increasingly worthless. Now, one of the issues with real estate is interest. The mortgage payment, especially at the beginning, is mostly interest. It's not. It's just, it's just one of the costs of it. You don't have to pay taxes necessarily on on the appreciation of the value. So that's one of the benefits. However, some of the negatives are, like, what is it, average down payment here? 20% in Hawaii? Think the median house now is almost a million. It's 800, 900. Like 200, down. That's, I mean, that's a lot to ask for. And then on the current interest rate, I don't know what it is. 67,000 with everything property tax. You can't, it's not simple to buy a little piece of it. Right? That's one of the problems. Another problem is the interest that I mentioned, or it's also not risk-free. A hurricane could come and wreck the house or something could go on. But, say for me, last year, 40,000 is not enough for a down payment on anything, but like, yeah, maybe if I have the right deal on a real cheap house. But with the, when you're trading the market, you can trade smaller. So it's more friendly to getting started. It's more flexible. Also, if you want to get out of the real estate market, it's very expensive. It's difficult. The fees on the transaction are crazy. It's not that simple to be like, I'm going to raise a little bit of capital and sell a piece of it. Like, you can go to refinance things. It's just not very flexible, right? You can't buy half a house or a quarter of a house or an eighth of a house. With the markets you can. So I'm going to explain something called the futures market. And the futures market is this guy Richard Dennis. This is what he was trading. Second part of the story, Richard Dennis. He makes his 200 million. He's a business partner in the William Eckhart. William Eckhart is a mathematician. They have a debate. Richard Dennis says, I think I can teach anyone to be a great trader. And William Eckhart says, I think it's a talent that you're born with. And there are two megabits guys. So let's settle it. Let's hire a bunch of people off the street. We'll put them out out in the New York Times. We're going to hire random people who are smart. Who are smart, but have no trading background. We're going to give them a rule-based trading system to follow and see what happens. And we're going to give them some money. So some of them, he gave like 100 grand 200 grand. Some of them he gave him a million. And they would get a share of the profits. Or they would get a small draw to a lot of. On average, they hire maybe 20 people. Of those people, the next five years. The group average to 100 percent of a year. This is, it's not normal. It's what's possible. Then it let's shutting the thing down after five years. A lot of those guys went on to Wall Street to manage a lot of the biggest funds. But I mean, that's what's possible if you follow a good system. But it's also, they're trading the futures market, which gives a lot of leverage. But also, it means just like Richard Dennis, these guys are having 50 percent drawdowns, which most people are going to throw in the talent. And this is way too stressful. But they're able to stick with it. So, and by the way, the worst drawdown I've then was I think like 90 percent. I lost half my money three straight years. But I'm up somewhere I started because the first year I doubled it, the second year I doubled it, I lost 90 percent. Then I multiplied it by six. I'm up. But that's like how many people can continue through that? Very stressful. So, what I have here is this is the S&P 500. This is the main stock market index. The chart starts in 1871. It goes to 2,026. I guess it says 2,042 over there. You can see, it goes up until the right, with time. 70 percent of the years it has gone up. 30 percent of the years it has gone down. On average, it's up years, it twice as big as the down years. If we were to chart the real estate marketer, it's going to look similar to this. So, my concept for investing. And this is more time intensive than just set it and forget it by and hold. But, okay, I'm going to explain the future's market a little bit. The future is market. It's a form of instrument that lets you buy an underlying asset on average. So, you could have a future contract for the S&P 500. You could have a future contract for gold. You could have a future contract for Bitcoin. You could have a future contract for the NASDAQ. It's not like options. Forget the word future having any meaning. It doesn't really mean anything. It's just what it's called. But, a future contract is basically a 10x of average contract for the underlying asset. So, for example, say you have a million dollar house. You put 10% down, you put a hundred thousand dollars down. You own a million dollar house. You own 900. You could also do the same thing with the S&P 500 where you put a hundred thousand dollars down and you own a million dollars of the stock market and you owe 900. But, the most you can lose is a hundred. You could lose everything if it moves against you. You lose everything. But, if it goes up, you own a million dollars with the S&P 500. Now, the smallest contract for the S&P 500 cost about three thousand dollars. So, it's more accessible than a hundred or two hundred down payment. Right? Now, there's some advantages and disadvantages. One of the advantages is interest. If you're holding a big leverage position, say that the S&P 500 or gold, you pay zero interest. So, your paying three thousand dollars is the smallest contract. It's called a micro contract. You get a thirty thousand dollar position in the stock market. 10x leverage. The total fee is one dollar. That's the most of the fee is ever going to be. You're not paying any interest. It's one dollar in and out. And, there's no credit check. You don't have to go to the bank. You don't need to cut in a broker. Or like the real estate broker. So, you could say you put down a hundred thousand dollars. Your total fee is a hundred dollars for getting a nine hundred thousand dollar loan. It's really insane. Now, unlike real estate, you do need to pay taxes every year. So, futures, by the way, it's automatically 60% long-term capital gains. It's 40% short-term capital gains. So, it's a little bit tax advantage. Tax is a Hawaii doesn't make it easier because Hawaii state tax also takes capital gains. On addition to the federal government taking capital gains. So, it's a significant disadvantage compared to real estate where you're not paying any taxes on it. But, it's a huge upside where you're not paying any interest. Overall, I'd say it even it evens out. But, the concept is, I'm going to, this on average goes up 10% a year. Okay? Without any leverage if you're getting 10% a year. If you're doing it on 10x leverage, you're on average getting a hundred percent a year. However, you're going to lose everything sometimes. That's a big problem, right? But, that's the basic math, the basic concept is, I'm going to, I'm going to own a bunch of businesses stocks today, I'm going to own a bunch of gold precious metals today. I'm going to owe paper money and I'm going to try to survive the next 10 years. And the money that I owe doesn't matter anymore. The leverage is just like exaggerates exaggerates this effect of, I'm saying, if you're going to keep printing money, I want as much debt as possible. I'm going to owe as much debt as possible. I'm going to have the maximum credit cards as long as it's zero percent interest. This is my concept actually. I want as much debt as possible. So right now, that account that grew from 50 to 250, I don't know what it is. But, I mean, like, there was times last year where I owed over a million dollars in debt. I don't care. I'm going to talk about hand protection from it. But, I'm like a, maybe a hundred thousand dollars. I'm owe a million dollars. But I own so much silver gold, as you keep 500, it went up. It worked out last year, it's not going to work out like that every year. But I'm going to explain how to protect yourself. So, I'm going to talk a little bit about systematic investing. Here, it's the S&D 500. The last chart was, was a yearly chart going back over 100 years. This is a daily chart going back to 20, 20, 20 years. So this is about three years. You can see all the green count of the green data about capital spending. You can see it went from $3,000 to $6,000 something. And if you can see the whole blue arrow is saying to buy. And the purple arrow is saying to go stop at a saying to sell. The, the, this green arrow is going to trade. The red arrow is the stop loss. I'm going to talk about what that means. This line is the average entry in the vision. So imagine you bought one. You took $5,000. And you bought more than $100,000. You put 100 micro contract here. And you can afford a buy this one. But now the price is increased. So another cool thing about the future, a future's contract. This is why it's possible for someone to make, like, Yeah, explain this in the last one. I have a business partner. He's one of these young kids. I met him in Colorado. He dropped out of college. To knock the money. He's really smart though. He's doing pizza delivery. And he, he's, he's building trading systems. I see his hobby is making rockets. And I'm like, okay, let's figure something out. So we have one of these trading, automated trading systems. I start to market it and sell. And I'm splitting it with him. And I'm able to pay him, like, 10, 20, 30. I don't know how much I paid him, 30, 40,000 dollars. He took it. He bought a bunch of silver coins. He bought 14 silver contracts last year. He made 400 grand last year. He went from pizza delivery to he made $500,000 last year. And one of the reasons why is, with the future's contract, you're allowed to use open profit. It's called unrealized profit. If you close a trade and you claim the win, it's called realized profit. If it's just floating, it's called floating or unrealized. You're allowed to reinvest all of that. Okay? So, it's like if your house goes up, $400,000 in value, you can just take that 400 and buy another house. I mean, it's a similar concept, right? But, say, you bought one contract here. And then you're allowed to come to use that profit by a second contract here. And then, over here, you're way off to use that profit by another contract here. And then you're obviously another profit by a second contract here. You're finally settled up here. How long do that take you? Maybe a couple of minutes, a couple of minutes, couple of minutes, couple of minutes. Two minutes, five, two, three. So you spent 30 minutes and two years. And I don't know what the exact amount would amount in the life. Maybe $20,000, $30,000 from starting with five. So, I'm going to talk about systematic investing a little bit. This is really important. I'm going to start here. And I'm going to make it really complicated, so I can simplify it. But trading and investing, there's five basic components. The first one is creating a trading strategy. This is where it's a set of rules. When x happens, I do y. It's not like when I have a feeling. So another thing to avoid, somewhere to date, trading is discretionary trading. What is discretionary trading? Disgressionary trading is, I think this is going to happen. It's happening in the news. But the problem with discretionary trading is it's hard to replicate. It's hard to, and it's also, now you're spending a lot of time. You're doing research, you're thinking. We want to, we want to remove as much time as possible. But you create trading strategies. And a basic version. One of the reasons I recommend this book is because the trading system that explained to you, we're all these off the street people, did 100% a year, year after year. That system's in this book. The exact rules, like a mathematical system, and it's actually not that complicated. Does it work like it used to? Sort of. It's still kind of works. But it looks like, I'm not sure if it's this new. You buy a new life price. You don't buy a low price, and you buy a new price. That immediately saves you from buying a new life price. Because only good things increase in value, right? If it makes a new life problem, we'll get it. But if something keeps going down, we'll never buy it. Every time, okay, when you buy it, you put it in a stop loss. What is a stop loss? That is safe price goes down this far. You're automatically out. That's the most you lose. So one of the disadvantages of the futures contract, like a house is not divisible. Fortunately, it's a small contract. But the distance from buying to the stop loss is going to be usually two or three thousand dollars. So you put it in five and buy a new stop loss. The stop loss is really important. Because it saves you from cost off of a loss. If you have a really big account, and this happens, and the market goes down because of the leverage, it goes up and then. So if you use leverage, you have to help a stop loss. From my particular system, the stop loss. What's back at the last hundred days, it takes the average range. So it goes up and down one percent, and then sets the stop loss. That's multiplied by five. So it says one percent is a five percent stop loss. And then every time it makes a new buy, having to take the market and makes a new buy, it makes a new buy. It enhances all the stop loss. So it does something called pyramid in. Doubling down is going to add to your loser. That's a good way to lose everything. And then pyramid in, it's how you can make crazy money potentially. When you're adding to your winner, from your winner. Right? So pyramid's not. And then eventually the stop loss is a new position to hit. But the average buy was all the way down here. And that is actually with all the way up there. And then one of the sorts of nutrients, until you have more capital, you start with a much bigger size. So that's an example of the system. And his system, just a little bit of the math, they were buying like a new 25 day high, a price made a new high for the first time in 25 days in bought. Or they had another version of price made a new 55 day high in bought. My reason is, it was a previous calendar list of January. So it will get like the high from December. If it makes, if it crosses the high from December. And then it's, that would buy basically. There's more rules. I don't need to explain it all to you. It's like, it needs to also be between 20 and 180 days old. But basically, that's the most simple system I can explain to you. And I'm going to recommend another book for you guys. I've read probably 30 trading books. These are the two. I'm going to recommend to you. This one is called, how I made $2 million in the stock market. It's written by a guy named Nicholas Dorvis. He did this in the 50s, I think. 2 million is a lot in the 50s. He did struck with like 30 grand. I like this one because it's a really interesting story. He was, I think, him and his sister were like, the highest paid dance performance in the world or something. He was, he was on tour going through like Southeast Asia and Australia. And this is the time when there's no internet. There's not even the phones. There's just a telegraph. And the telegraph is like a little tweet. It sends a little tiny bit of information. There's also a mail. So he's getting a magazine once a week. And then he's getting a telegraph with a tiny bit of information. And that's all he has to trade off of. He doesn't talk to anyone. And it shows his story and it shows his trades. And it's basically the same thing I explained to you, where he's just buying high credit. He only buys high prices. And he takes as much debt as he possibly can. He took a second mortgage on his house. He got a special deal at one point where he was allowed all this down on his stock. And the stock, yeah, just, so I could recommend these books. Let's see. So back to this. Okay, so that's an example of a trading strategy. And I gave you the most basic version that you could do yourself, which is just only buy something when it makes a new high. And if you have no leverage, you don't need to use stop loss. If you use leverage, you do. Now, having a trading strategy makes that simpler because like, do I need to calculate the past 100 days and the trading system just tells you where to put it. The second thing is backtesting. So backtesting is where you essentially apply the trading system to the past and you see if it worked in the past. Okay, this is really important. Because the history tends to either rhyme and repeat, there's been financial markets. I want to say going back to Rome is 1,000 years old. A little bit about backtesting. You cannot do it by hand, which is great because you don't have to. But if you're trying to, if you're trying to go back, I could do the math on this for 100 years, how long is that going to take you? A 40-hour work week maybe. And then say you want to change one parameter. There's another 40-hour work week. But I can just, let me just show you so I can make it obvious, how powerful that having a backtesting system is or software. So let me go to the chart. I'm going to put this indicator up. All right? Okay. So right here we have a backtest. It's telling us how much it made. It's telling us how much the max drawdown was. It's telling us how many trades. It's telling me how many of the trades are profitable. Traffic factor is, you don't need to know what that is. It's not that important. But okay, we can look at the list of trades. If we go back, what's the go back to the list of trades? So it has a trade all the way back to 1871. Now, say that I want to change a parameter here. I'm just going to like change this number. Let's go back to this. See how it updated and the numbers changed. So it just backtested 150 years in one second. So the point is never try to do it by hand. You have zero chance. You're competing against that. It's like impossible. I did it in a second. What would take 40 hours by hand. Okay? So you need to align yourself with technology somehow. It doesn't mean you need to code it yourself. I didn't code this. I didn't code anything. I just partnered with people. Okay. So that's just to show you backtesting. Now, a little more about backtesting. I mentioned this fund. Renaissance technologies. One of the reasons they're so effective is they make sure every strategy work on multiple asset classes. So they have as much data as possible. So what that means is if your system worked on the SNV500, which is a stock market index, and it worked on gold, which is a precious metal, and it worked on Bitcoin, which is a cryptocurrency. It's probably going to continue to work in the future. It's not worked on one but not the others. It's much less likely to repeat. The phrase is called redundancy. The idea is to generalize not to optimize. You can make this perfect trading system, but it only worked for one. It worked for one year on one asset. You want something that survived the test of time, it's more likely to repeat. So that's backtesting. The third part of trading is live signals. This is where you get a trade alert. Your system tells you to buy yourself. The fourth one is placing the trade. Where you go in and place the buy. The fifth is risk management. Where you think about, I have X money. How much do I want to risk? So all of these can be automated. Some are more important than others. The worst is it's none of us automated, and you're doing manual discretionary day trading, which I did. I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't have the right mentor. I'm trying to create trading strategies by hand. I'm trying to back test it by hand. I spend 200 hours only for my developer and one second to say, your bond doesn't work. Very humbling. And then I'm trying to, every day, log in and see if it created a signal. So I'm like blocking off part of my day. And then I have to go and place the trade. And I've as a day trading. Now it's taking so much time. So again, for all of you guys, the simplest thing to do is just put it in the market and forget about it. But essentially, I have different systems. Some of the more automated ones. It's all automated. But the main one that I use, the back testing is automated. I just showed you that. Automated back testing. That's the biggest time, Saber. Because again, how long did this take you to fly up? 30 minutes and two years, right? So, but back testing would have taken me million endless hours. This thing also gives me a lot of signals. So it's going to send me, essentially, you know, or identify again, like, I'm a community. Someone says, oh, it's signal. All I have to do is place the trade. I could figure out how to automate it. But it just doesn't even seem worth the money in time. Because it doesn't take any time to log in and buy something. So, that's basically what I think trading is. And it's essentially all either math or execution. I just don't think psychology is really a part of it. Even though people will say it is, if psychology becomes a big part of it, it's probably gambling through fun. So, I'm going to talk about structuring the trading business. I've put psychology in there. It matters a little bit, but not for trading. It matters for something else. So, I don't have the identity of I'm a trader. I think I own a trading business. And when you think about that, if, when you identify with something, you identify with spending your time on it. But if you identify yourself as being a business owner, you are not necessarily going to associate your time with executing that business, right? And if you are trading, you have a trading business. You're reporting to the government as a, what is a 1099 or a sole proprietorship? Or, no, it's not even. You're going to be a sole proprietor or an LLC or an S-barco. So, I've done all, now I have an S-barco. So, it is a business. You have a business. And you want to think about it like a business. So, the first thing is raising capital like we talked about. How can you get more money to put in your accounts, your accounts? There's different ways to do that. I mean, I go out and have my social media business, sell software or that's how I do it. There's other ways. Maybe your friends, you want to invest. Maybe you just have a high-paint job or something. It's totally unrelated. Again, maybe a lot of people are going to have an inheritance at some point in their life. That also could be the time. So, those are some ideas. At some point, at some point, you got to think about how to raise money. And even Warren Buffett, this guy raised a lot of money. He was a master of, he would sit people down at dinner, and he would show them his results and people would be like, yeah, how do I sign up? I want to sign up. You could do it without raising money, but it's way harder. Because if you start with 1,000 bucks and you double it, you may nail your 2,000 and you double it. You're at 8,000. It's been three years, and you're putting a world-class returns. And you made it less than a basic job, right? So, raising money is really important. Now, building and running training systems, the technical side. You need, and really helps if someone on your team is doing this. You didn't necessarily need to do either, but you want to be part of a team that's doing this. So, I understand the technical stuff, but I don't know the patience for it. I don't want to do it. I don't want to be outside. If I have to sit in my computer to one, I get angry. I don't like it. So, what I try to do is, I partner with people who are technical. That either it wants to hang them to write the code, or saying what's going to this together. If I'm able to sell money, I'm going to give you a cut of it. And, for me, almost every business partner I've had has come through, social media, me posting on Instagram or Twitter saying, either just doing things in people come and DM me. Or, I'm looking for someone to develop training systems and someone DMs me. So, this picture, this guy, I have, that's the guy who, uh, caused dropout, young guy, DMed me, showed me his training systems. I'm like, alright. Let's try, try for over a year. I didn't pay him anything for a year and a half. Started to make some money. Started to pay him. Then he'll ever sit in the silver and made $400,000. But, yeah, I mean, the idea here is, is team. So, you've got to look at what your skill set is. If, uh, if you're good at math and coding, you can, you can make training systems and you can make crazy money. That's not what I want to do. I'm good at psychology and marketing. So, I do that. And you can do it on smaller skills. But if you're like, I don't want to do any of those things. I mean, you can team with people who are kind of doing them. Um, you're, uh, you're a reward. What would be as much, but also, again, I think it's totally fine to just invest in the market and you're not going to pay any taxes. So, there's a lot of benefits to doing that. Like, basically, investing. Yeah, I mentioned this guy. This is Jim Simons. He's the guy his firm did, uh, 60% a year for decades. What's really interesting about the guy, Red is a book or a book about him. He doesn't code. He didn't write any of the strategies. He didn't place a single trade himself. He didn't even know how a system's worked. He's a world-class mathematician. He was, uh, he was a, he was a math teacher. I forget the name of the school. I was might have been an Ivy League. He worked for the government at one point. But he was connected to all these mathematicians. So he's good at hiring people. He just hired a bunch of mathematicians. Um, the point. Automation. I want to make is robot labor, essentially. Part of what your pay for is doing things in the life, right? So as much as you can either have people working for you or robots working for you. That will save you time and money. And the automated back testing is an example. But if also you can get, if it trades frequently and you can get that. The robots replace the trades for you. That can take things to the next level again. I haven't really, so I've, so far I've lost money doing that. Or maybe broken even. Probably lost money. So this is big picture. And this is back to even if you win your lose. If you're trying to day trade or make this your job. Because now you have a really stressful job where you're sitting on the computer. Nobody wants that. So it's a tool. It's still maybe worth pursuing. But yeah, you just want to, it doesn't make. Being, it's just a terrible job. But having done it, I think it's a terrible job. It's a fine business. I think it's a terrible job though. Um, this is all I have prepared. I mean, I can, I can go into charts and stuff. But I'm also just opening up for questions. I'll start here. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. We're good. You're good. I think you're good. That's a great question. I don't think it works that way. I think it, it just looks like what it is, you. All right. Just be good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. Okay. Let's go back to, What's going on? Yeah, yeah. It's because, I mean, the reason the upside is so much more than the downside. It's because these systems have a stop loss, but no take profit. Let's go to the silver chart. I don't know if any is paying attention to this. It's like doing something insane and historical. This is how, if that guy and it was still holding it, he'd be up like another 400,000, but. So, you see the stop loss down here. The stop loss is was initially 12%. Okay. Let's see how far is up from stop loss or from entry. It's up 200% from entry. So, there's something called risk reward. That, in that particular trade, it's up 20 times the risk, the reward. These, the best systems don't have a take profit. These guys didn't use a take profit. I generally don't use a take profit. The take profit is the opposite of the stop loss. It says, I'm losing nothing, my favorite. I'm going to sell. Yeah. One of the reasons why, I mean, if we go back to the money printer, it goes up indefinitely. Why would you ever want to sell? You only want to sell for protection. You don't want to sell to put a profit because then you just want to get right back in. What else are you going to do with your money? So, in this particular, I'm just going to do some basic math. I'm going to, well, it's actually due to actual math here. I'm going to go to my broker and see what the margin requirements are. So, we can see, I do some actual math. I think silver is a little bit more expensive. So, micro silver, this would be the contract. So, it costs more now because it's going crazy. But it's $9,500 to buy one contract. And it's $1,000 value per point. So, every point it moves is $1,000. So, let's go and see what that means. So, the system is saying, okay, we open it 34 and we close it 30. So, $1,000 a point is a $4,000 loss. Right? So, you would need to put up 14,000 for this one. This one's a little bit more expensive because you need 10 to buy the thing and 4 for the stop loss. So, in this case with the stop loss, you couldn't even lose everything. They're going to close you out when this happens. So, the most you lose is about a third of it. Okay? So, you bought at 34 and the price today is $109. So, what is $109 minus 34? $75. So, you would be running $75,000 in profit. And your maximum loss was $4,000. So, essentially, the reason why the upside is so much higher is because there's no take off it and there's a stop loss. So, it's like unbounded. It could go up forever. When you go long, you can only lose when you play. When you go short, you can lose. You can go more. There's a thing that gives you the need to go up in your profit. When you're short of a short amount of it, you can integrate in keys. I think maybe for stocks, you can actually, on money with futures, you just get liquidated. But, I mean, that's another thing I can tell you is never try to short these markets because like what they do. This is the all-time. They just go up. So, why would you try to, why would you try to invest on it going down? It doesn't make any sense. Okay, that's a great question. So, it just goes back to a mathematical principle about more data is good, right? So, if I have 100 years of data is better than 10 years of data, right? In terms of, like, back testing and system, it's more if this thing worked for 100 years. And, never broke. It's probably going to work. If this thing worked the last year, do we have any idea of it? If it's going to work in the future? That's not good enough for me. Well, how many assets go back to the 1800s that we have data on? I think only two, S&P 500 gold, as far as I know. So, I'm definitely trading those. And as far as gold goes back 10,000 years. So, I try to use whatever as the longest data that happens to be gold, S&P 500 silver, the Nasdaq that goes back like 50 years. I also like the Japanese stock market. I think it goes back like 80 years. There's some exceptions. I don't really like the Dow Jones. I'm not going to get him to why, but that was a lot of praise history. And then I like Bitcoin because there's such a thing as uncorrelation. So, gold and this stock market don't always go up at the same time. Like there was this big market crash in April. Some of you guys know about this, of last year, know is this year. And all that happened is gold just went straight up. So, when you're invested in different asset classes, it doesn't necessarily increase your risk it protects you. So, there's three main liquid asset classes that people use in investments. There's stocks, precious metals, and crypto. Well, I would just say, just think about it. There's also real estate. I would try to do this on real estate, if I could, just a liquid. I don't think it really exists. Also, as far as the gold just tried to spend as a little time as possible. I like the S&P 500 over individual stocks because now I only need to look at two stock market indices and not be a research in stocks all the time. So, it's time savings. Actually, you didn't need to start making a little line. Yeah. Oh, this one is just showing another example. Let's say about that contract today. Two, one, two, one, two, one. I'll show you the exact amount. I'm going to show you inside this trading account. This is a account that I started with a started with a $5,000 deposit in May. And then I totally added 40 grand. I stopped in August the last year, 7. I haven't touched it. So, right now, it's at 272,000. These are all the contracts that I'm holding. And I'm just going to work. I've got 10 micro Bitcoin, 10, Nikkei, two gold, five Nasdaq, five S&P 500. I've been holding these for since last May. I'm just sitting in them. That holds purchasing with additional $5,000 or total 40. Total was 40. Yeah. I kept adding, is that 272. So, you used most money to keep purchasing that? Yeah. Yeah. I stopped adding to it. I also haven't withdrawn from it. But to get, I could withdraw 100 if I needed to. And I mean, I will, when I need to. But I'm wait. It's like, it's not income. Like, at some point, I'm going to want to down payment on a house or something. Maybe. I'm going to pay taxes no matter what. One thing with futures, you pay 60% long term, 40% short term. But your taxed market, January 1st. So, even if you have unreal. For most, if you're holding a stock, you guys know you don't pay taxes. Futures, you do. Even if you haven't sold it. So, that's one of the disadvantages. As if you were a twice more long time. Yeah. Yeah. The reason. Okay. A little bit in the nuts and bolts. The reason the futures market started was for farmers and commodity producers. To hedge against the price of their asset. If you are a silver miner. You have silver mines. You've got silver in the mines. You've got silver inventory. You've got silver on the road and trucks to your clients. If you want to lock in. If you're, if you want to just a distribution business and not a silver investment business. You're going to short silver. You're going to have a little trading business. You're going to, you're going to, you're going to lock in. You're going to short silver. Because to offset how much silver you have. And, and the way the futures contracts used to work is every quarter that contracts settles. And it's delivered in physical silver. And, but it used to be this way with with pit. You can, there's futures for lean hogs, pork belly, live cattle, weed, soybeans, you name it. But, even with the S&P 500, you can't physically deliver it. It still expires every three months or so. So, I do need to go in and close the January contracts and open the April contract. It takes a couple minutes. But, it means you cannot hold a long term. And, they're rewarding you for that and saying, I know you can't hold this long term. So, just we're going to put it in the books. You pay 60 percent futures. I think that's the reason why. I don't know how much it's going to be. We'll see what it adds up in. Yeah, I don't know. I mean. Well, I have a lot. I don't know if I can see it. But, it says $267,000 margin available. So, most of the money is not doing anything actually. It's just sitting there. Because the, if that's accurate, I have like, Oh, because it's, I have the open panel. So, I'm going to do a little math here. Minus the open panel, there's 200. I don't know exactly. But, all the contracts I have, you could purchase those for like $50,000. So, there's just like a lot of money sitting there. I wanted to answer the question about kind of how it actually ends up working. So, let me show you. So, you can see, for instance, I'm in five. S&P 500 micro's. So, I'm going to go look at what that actually looks like. Okay. So, in S&P 500, cost $2,500, it's one of the more affordable ones. But it's still $2,500. And the value per point is $5. Okay. So, I know I need $2,500 down to open. And then I need $5 times the distance to my stop loss as additional. So, I'm going to go look and see what that was. So, the market crashed in April May, and then it bought in, I bought back in in May. That's when I started. So, the distance to stop loss was initially $6,000 points. Is that right? From now $600 points. Right? $627 points. So, I know it's $5 per point. So, loss would have been $3,000. Plus the $2,000 I put up. So, that's why I say roughly. I would put it in. I started with $5,000. My first deposit was $5,000 for this trade. Now, by the time the second breakout buy came, it was at break even. So, I either could have not taken that. I think I deposited another $5 to take that. It advanced my stop loss though. Now, with two contracts, my total risk at this point was $400 times 10. At this point, my stop loss would have cost me $4,000. Now, there was a third buy that happened at this point. And this was my average buy. So, at this point, I was up 274 points. Times five points. This is why there's a math. It's basic math though, times two. At this point, I was up $2,740. By the time the third contract came. And if we remember the contract costs $2,500. So, for the third contract, I can buy that with the auto-realized profit. I didn't need to add anymore at this point. No, I don't think it makes a difference. But if we look, okay, by the time the fourth break out buy came. By the time the fourth break out buy came. The average buy was here. It was up 900 points on average. Times three contracts times five. So, I mean, I haven't even really done the math. At this point, it's up $13,500. By the time the fourth and fifth buy comes in. So, I can take those positions without adding to the account. And between May 13, between May and December, the account could have gone from 10,000 to 23,000, which is over 100% gain. So, that's. But you were risking 60% of it, initially. And then when you out of the second contract, you're risking 40% of it. So, one of the reasons why I started. As small as I could, which was still 5,000. But that's how you can do 100%. I rest 50. So, five, I don't think it'll be next. So, each of the contracts out is a different cost. Silver cost 10,000. Or 9,000. That one cost. S&P55 cost 2000. I mean, plus the stop loss. But there's some cheaper ones. So, the micro-naked is the Japanese stock market. This one costs a little less than 2000. I think there's a goal that's quite cheap. I don't really recommend this one. I heard there's problems with it. This one only costs 145 bucks. So, actually, this one you could start super cheap. But I've heard that it's, I think it's fine. But yeah, I mean, however, even if you can start cheap, should you? Because again, if you have a thousand, and you put it in a little bit of work in time and energy, and you double it, you made a thousand. It's not going to change your life. So, I mean, it is capital intensive, but going back to the concept of being a copier, you need the more you have, the more it's worth your time. I think micro, also got one more. I think micro Bitcoin is also pretty cheap. Micro Bitcoin. And now, that's the same. Yeah. So, generally, they're around two to three, thousand dollars, and the stop loss is two to three thousand. So, yeah, on average, a single trade cost five. But it's possible that first trade could just go. So, I'll make you a new example. Now, one thing I want to point out, for this particular system, the historical back test, going back to, going back, 45% half the trade, 55% of the trade's lost. More than half the trade's lost. So, if you're depending on that money, and you put in five, and you lose three thousand, it sucks, and that's going to happen. Yeah. There's different ways to do it. I use trading view. I can show you what the code looks like. It's trading views, like, maybe the most popular charting software. But these guys I have with these algorithms, are using something more advanced, like Python, or C++. I don't fully understand it. Again, I don't write code. The basic trading view works, but I mean, this is also, I mean, you would, to trade this exact system, you would need access to this exact indicator. Yeah. That's the software that I sell. I'm not trying to sell it. That's like, I'm trying to give away for free. The basic concept that you don't need the software for, is to buy higher prices and to minimize your downside. And to hold, as long as you can, don't date trade, don't do a bunch of research on different assets. So I can give you the basic concept for free, which is, you buy high prices, and yeah, the future's instrument is key, because again, so let's go back to the S&P 500. Say you only had 5,000. And you took this first buy. You couldn't take the second, because you didn't have enough margin. Could you take the third? It's 5 dollars per point. No, you couldn't take the third. So you wouldn't have been able to, you maybe could have bought in here when you had another, like, finally had enough money. But even from a single contract, it's up a thousand points. Times five dollars, it's up five thousand dollars. So even from one contract, you doubled your money. And this is a normal year, actually. Now, some years, you would have lost the money. We'll, we'll go, let's look at that. But the market went up 16%, and you doubled your money. And that went to work in the previous year too. I want to show you, maybe a losing year, so we can see what happened. So here, February 2022. It was in all these positions, and they all got stopped out in profits. So we can't count that as a loss. For this particular strategy, it only took one trade the entire year. Why? Because the market's going down, it's not making high prices, so you're never in a buying. Here it made a new high price in the system bought, and it took one loss. So in that particular year, it would have lost your five, you would have lost three thousand. You would have taken one trade and lost. But if you're just buying and holding, also the market went down, like, I don't know, every one lost money that year. So you should give this specific, sort of, I mean, again, it's based on the strategy that's in this book. And then you reach out through your socials, and that's a common thing. Yeah, but I mean, the total I spent on that code is like $6,000. But in a total lot of time. This is like a 17 year old kid in the Bay Area, who is a Shrek business as an avatar. He gave me a two-person. He DM me on Discord, he, I like post-periodically, I'm looking for a developer. And yeah, I mean, I mentioned before the last time, I really prefer to partner with young people, because they'll have less response. They're way more motivated, basically, to try something. How long can you, how long do you know, your strategy was? What do you actually, so I could say, hand, I mean, we figured it out together, like, yeah, steps, I tried things that didn't work. And I say, I spent $6,000, but it was also over here, it was like adding more code. I was able to spend so little because, basically, I read commissioned the code and had like, exact thing, but initially, it was, add this thing, we're going to test it, add this thing, we're going to test it, and also, once I had a group of guys working with me, they're like, the way I haven't set up, you see all these different numbers, I can change, the things I can check on or off. Anyone of those things changes the, the back test. So it was over a period of a year, and more, and again, six years of kind of being in the markets, and I think this should work, I think that should work, did it work, didn't it? So, I mean, it took a long time to create, and also, by the time I had it, I didn't start trading it immediately, because I was still doing day trading, and I just couldn't follow it. So it took the pain of losing my money, and then watching it, go without me, and I was like, all right, I need to just, basically, go back to work, focus on work, get back to work. Now, how long would you like to say, I'm, I'm doing the same thing for you, there. We're going to, but, I think, we're going to, over the six years of, all kind of, you went to, all the way back to the, time I, I mean, all kinds of, eating, all kinds of, eating, all kinds of, eating, all kinds of, eating, And I do read that charting the biggest part of which you probably would say that you came to join me with that. The thing is going on by trying to pass this poetry. And with this chart, it's part of it's like, I am an addict, danger. And I want to trade every day and all the time. It's most likely that you may be guilty of trading once. Yeah. And it's hard because you know, I'm not that disciplined. And then to say the trade is going to be saying, so how long you should, like, if you're looking to do what you're going to accomplish that, how long should you test your strategy and before you start to invest money into the business, then to find a developer and then not that now. Okay, I'm going to answer a couple of things in there. One about like day trading addiction, and then about I'll start with this system and get to what I think is a little more interesting. To me, if the back testing is good enough, I'm risking money immediately. I don't need to see it work in and why. Because if it worked for everything for ever, it's going to work in the future. And practice, it helps if I understand why it should work. Something like this, I understand why it should work. The printing money is going up, it should work. If I don't understand why it should work, it's harder for me to invest. So that's something I need to think about. And I do want to walk, it realistically helps to watch it for a while. When I saw how I would have traded and compared to how I did trade, I was like, this is enough, six months is enough, especially when I had people who were following it and I wasn't, and they were making money and I wasn't. That helped my belief. I will say as far as the day trading addiction thing, I was addicted to day trading. Like this is on my phone, rerun someone's car, Mike Outwork, on my phone, when I'm not supposed to be on my phone, I drop my business, just totally orient my life around this thing that's not serving me. It's a losing me money and it's anti-social. And it was extremely rewarding emotionally because in every day it's an insane world cluster. I grew up around addiction. I attended 12-step meetings when I was a middle school and in high school. And my opinion on addiction is that it's usually the best way to get out of addiction is just by something better. So in my case, getting a more exciting job, or making my social life more exciting, getting national dopamine from the sun, doing risky shit and real life, like hiking, club shopping, surfing, whatever it is, because I hadn't made my life so boring that this was the most exciting thing I could do. But once I saw that and I made my life exciting, this was now relatively boring to me. So to me, and I love that as a message of make your life super interesting, because my life is so full and busy, I just forget. I forget that I only know it all of us. I don't even think about it because I'm engaged with people I can't be on my phone, planning other things. Yeah, stay busy. That's the whole point anyways. Is this something that grows without you spending time? Is that you want to hobby, that's a game that you play or do you want to have a business deal with? Yeah, I mean, you can talk to me after, I'm not trying to sell software. I want to give you everything that you need. The concept so that you don't need that. But yeah, I mean, I can settle words. It tells me I can have it send me an email. I can have it send me. I can set up so it sends me a text. It just does everything for me basically. Any platform the broker doesn't matter. I'm not affiliated with the broker. I mean, it works on whatever's products too, which is not as good. Since I don't have the actual trades automated to an administrator, it's just any future's broker, any will do. It's the biggest, the most reputable. I mean, the best ones are at least after I see insurance. I think it's $250,000 insurance. So, hang on. I'm going to go ahead and share the question. I think how easy it is to automatically. I think it depends on your pastister and skill set. In general, I say a very difficult, which is why I'm just going to partner with people who can do this for me. I think, I mean, I took computer science in college, and I thought I would major in it, but I didn't have high enough scores. And also, I'm glad I didn't. It's really hard. It's just, if you're like super detailed and you can sit down there for hours and math and rules and writing code, it's pretty hard. But again, the job is called a Quant to U-A-N-T. A Quant is a trading developer. Quants make crazy money, though, potentially. It's a really high pan. Whether you work for a firm or whether you're business, right? I mean, again, these are random kids who haven't gone to college. And they're getting paid tens of thousands of dollars for write code, but it's because it's so hard. I mean, in my opinion, it's super easy, but I'm like coming from the experience of being there every step of the way. But I mean, if you followed most of what I said, it's pretty easy. I mean, some of the technical stuff is like making a count of the broker, figuring out how to transfer money, doing the math that I showed you. I mean, I, we also help everyone along this process, but, I mean, for some people, it's like it's front loaded. You have to learn, but once it's set up, it doesn't take very much time. How I am, takes to learn, kind of depends. So, the cell signal, I use a similar one that's in here in this book. It looks at the past X days and creates an average volatility. So, I don't have to do it because it's done for me, but for instance, on this buy, we'll see what it actually says. Stop loss is 10 times 5. Okay, so, it bought on the 12th. It looks at 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 days. Measures the range of the day and takes the average. And then, it multiplies that number by 5. And that's the stop. So, let's see. The stop loss here was about 10%. So, that tells me that over the past 10 days, the average range was about 2%. And there, there are system. It was a little bit of a tighter stop loss, meaning closer. I think it was, it was a much tighter stop loss they used. But it was the same concept where you look back on the last 5 or 10 days, get an average. But, I mean, the volatility doesn't change that much. So, in theory, you could have something like, your stop loss is always 7% or always 10%. So, there's something. When you're describing, it's called a trailing stop loss, which is where, as price goes up it automatically advances. I found that doesn't work very well. What works better is in advancing stop loss. When there's a new high price, it moves all the stop loss in the old position and makes a new stop loss. So, in this particular trade, you can see price went up from June to November, and the stop loss stayed exactly the same. I can... So, I agree with you, stop loss. Yeah, although for their system, I think it's a 25 day high or a 55 day high. For my system, it's a calendar high. That is, I think it's within 20 and 200 days old. That's just the parameter that works. But yeah, the red line is the stop loss. So, yeah, I mean, you could see here. Price keeps going up and up, and it does nothing, and then finally. And if this trade were to work against me, and price comes down, I get stopped out here. My average buy was 6,327 times 5 contracts. So, if this trade ends up losing from here, it's what 210 points, times 5 times 5 contracts. I would make the worst case now is I made 5,000, with an initial investment of 10, and it's possible price just keeps going higher and higher, which sometimes it does. So, if you think this is the worst problem in the world? Yeah, usually the way these markets work is they go up for a couple years, and then there's a same crash, and then they go up for a couple years, like the COVID crash. So, if we just go back in the world, I mean, it happens. The 2023, the bottom of this gold box is the average buy. Everything got stopped out in profit there, and then we go back. The same thing happened before the 2022, Bear American, we go back. Looks like it didn't do very well in 2019 or 2020. But, there's this crazy ball run all the way from 2016 to 2018. So, that's kind of how it does. I mean, if you start the wrong year or the wrong decade, you don't even necessarily make money. It looks like 2015, 2016 was pretty bad. But, this is why I try to be in different assets, because I mean 2016 was really good for Bitcoin. This is 2016. It was okay. Yeah, you don't know which one is going to do good. It might be something you don't expect. Yeah, okay. All the new things you have about how you're in the future, you can take a picture of things from the back. I mean, we're going to slide it in five or two, waiting for a system that you don't know if you can find it. I picked the things with the longest backtesting, and part of it was, so it doesn't necessarily signal that much. I'm going to talk about the individual assets. So, for instance, in these months, my accounts grown, grown, but there's no signals. But I notice others are signal on this other asset. I can take it. But, I mean, it's okay. What do I have? I have Bitcoin. I like this because it's uncorrelated. I have gold. It goes back 10,000 years. It's relatively uncorrelated. I've got the S&P 500. It goes back to the 1800s. It's the top 500 US stocks. Okay, I've got the NASDAQ, whereas the NASDAQ. This goes back like 40,50 years. It's the top 100 tech stocks. I then have the top 225 Japanese stocks. I have the top 50 European stocks, and then I have the top German stocks. So, I am looking at like the other strongest markets. But I'm not going into individual stocks. And I don't necessarily need to do this. It's just, I don't know, maybe the US doesn't perform as well. The Japanese stock market's been doing really good. And it's still not very many to look at, right? I have seven things. So, it's partially what's uncorrelated, what's the strongest, and what has the longest history. Yeah, well, I was, any kind of profit. I'm going to refinance in the new positions. I'm not doing that anymore, because it's a little bit more money to me now. I don't want to risk half of that or all of it. Like I was initially. So, that's one reason why making 500% a year is not normal. Because you get to a certain point, and you can't handle the volatility. So, I'd be happy to make 100% that would be amazing. Right? I don't need to make 500% for it to change. And then once you have a million bucks, or 10 million, 10% is a million. Like you don't just stop taking the risk. So, you take the risk when you're small, and I'm, except for this guy was a maniac. He never decreases risk. That's how he got to 200 million. He's not a boss. He's not a boss. There's going to be a little bit of a waste. They had a tighter stop. It means they had a lower win percentage, but they lost the last per losses. Like if you're a stop, so wider, you're going to have a higher win percentage automatically, but the losses are going to be bigger. So, what made you decide what you wanted to go to that area? But the accessing showed it to be good. Also, I don't know if it's true. Supposedly, he had a 10% win rate. That psychologically difficult till lose almost all the time. I don't know if that's true, but that's what they said about him. I don't want to be a loser. But he actually, the back testing showed that an even wider stop is usually better. However, it comes to a point where it's too much capital and restricted to people. I don't want to tell people the loss that you need just need more money. So, it's like, but set it at this, so that it's affordable, like, five. It's accessible. I might run wider stops now that I can afford to. But it would be instead of five, it would be like six or seven. But basically, everything's data informed. It's the idea. Nothing is. I think so or I feel like it. There is. I'll show this. This didn't really work out. Huh? I did find that for silver or gold. Having a take profit actually can help. So, this is actually how I traded it. Which, do I regret this right now? I'm trying not to win it too much. But if you go back and you look at history, here was 2011. There was kind of a crazy move where, if you were able to take profit instead of stop loss, it really helped you. There's also a really famous event with silver in the 1970s. These two guys called the Hunt Brothers, tried to. Is this it? They tried to corner the market in silver, but also for gold. There's such a thing. I'll talk about this a little bit. I don't know my gold isn't. This is how I traded gold. So I got out of unfortunately. I mean, I'm just falling a system. You can't think like, I should have done this. If the data supports it. But there's such a thing if you're in the markets for long enough, where there's insane euphoria. Everyone's talking about selling the price of crazy high. It goes crazy higher and higher. It's happening with silver right now. It's happening with Bitcoin in 2020 from crypto. It happened with the NASDAQ in 2000. It happened with the Japanese stock market in the 1980s. And it always happens. If you live long enough, you see it. So it can be nice if a bullman has gone on long enough. Like for so long, you're up 20 times, 10 or 20 times your risk. You can get out. You also, when everyone's talking about something, it's maybe a sign. I don't... I mean, I recommend falling a system. I don't give specific recommendations. I definitely wouldn't recommend buying a silver contract. One, you're 10,000 dollars down. It's moved a point as a thousand dollars. Just since Friday, it's moved 11 points. So if it goes back to Friday's price, you've lost 11,000 dollars in a day. It's just way too volatile. The best is when, since the stock loss measures recent volatility, the stock loss in a world volatility time is quite tight. And when it expands, it starts going crazy. It's moved like many times your initial stock loss. Ideally you're already in it, but it's just... I mean, the system... Either it's sold, but it's definitely not saying to buy right now. That's the thing. You said buy high. You said buy it. Well, it needs to revisit. For theirs, it needs to revisit and old high of 25 days or 55 days. So price we need to pull back and then go prove it again. And I mean, you see here it's making a new high every single day. So it can't do that. It would need to... If it did this, and then got here, then it would be a buy signal. And it's basically the same thing for mine. It needs to... Okay. Say that price started to come down. It would need to be February and it makes a new high higher than January's high. And then it would buy. So I mean, in theory, I don't even really like silver. That much to be honest. But yeah, it's not. I don't make specific recommendations. But the system I have is not saying to buy here. This may be saying I was okay to be in it from a lower one. There's something... Yeah, I don't really know it's going on in the world. Sometimes, I mean, silver's doing this again. Bitcoin. This is my first big trade in 2020. This is how I became a day trading addict. Because I bought as much Bitcoin as I could. And I had made like a half million dollars. And I was like, fried my brain. I didn't know how to handle it. I didn't work for the money. Yeah. This happens occasionally. So it's... I know silver's going to ruin some people. Because now they're going to fix it. They're whole life around silver. But again. Yeah. I mean, to me, that's meaningless. It's like, what's the data that says? Or the trade base? How many years back does it go? What's the trade sample? How is it? It could. Yeah. I mean, it could. I'm just going to pop the NASDAQ. This happens sometimes. I don't like the actual NASDAQ. Is that not it? I don't know why I can't find the actual one. I mean, the NASDAQ did that in 1999. And then it ended up dumping 90%. And that's like the best tech companies in the United States. I mean, whoop. In the UK. It's also really fascinating the Japanese stock market. Did the same thing in the 70s. 80s and up to 90. I just... It could... It kept going higher and higher and higher and higher. So yeah, that's why if you're not buying new highs, you didn't buy in very much in here. And if you have a stop loss, you ended up getting stopped out and not. Sitting through this decades. Long bar America. In your system, in that case, available to where you're doing the system. If you're going to pay for your system, or you have to pay for your own money. You don't have the system to look at your system. I mean, the way I explain it is a very short list. I'm not looking at all the stocks. I'm not looking at all the crypto. S&P 500, gold, Bitcoin, NASDAQ. You can go to the Japanese market, the European market. That's basically it. I mean, you could be so quickly. But there's people... I have people in there who are like... Since the system is a little bit flexible, they're like... Trying it out on oil, or like... Someone's trading soybeans. I don't necessarily recommend these things, but... I don't think they're crypto. I'm getting crypto out there. Basically, just Bitcoin. So, that's what you mean in your system. It's just Bitcoin. Yeah, right. So, you don't have to look at it. You don't have to look at it. You don't have to look at it. That's the whole point. The strongest thing. They'll waste another time. Yeah. So, I mean... You don't have to look at it. Yeah. I don't do any research at all. Just follow what you're not going to do. Is that it? Pretty much... I don't follow the news. I don't follow Trump. I don't... I don't know anything that's happening over there. See, you're... No, I mean... No, I mean... I'm just on the boat out here. I'm interested in... I'm interested in marine water, but... I don't know. Yeah. I'm interested in marine water, but... I don't know. Well, I was just trading Bitcoin on leverage, basically. Yeah. Just fixed it on one thing, because it had worked for me, and none of that didn't... I mean... If you... I think you could... I'll tell you. I think... I think there's... One of the ways to beat the market... is to... discover and pick things... because a robot can't necessarily do that. Like, if you pick good investments... I haven't been so good at that. And it takes a lot of time and research. I think it's less like gambling, though. It's more fun, because you're like... imagining how the world's gonna look. So I think that's okay, like... As long as it stays as investing... But it's really awesome. No. I mean... I want to add business, not a hobby. I mean... Well... I mean... No, I realized I was addicted to it. It's not fun at all. I don't like it. It makes me unhappy. But if I can grow my account, and it's a little time as possible, that would be great. And I think there's data that supports that. There's studies on people's well-being and happiness. And a lot of it is spending time with people you enjoy. Spending time outside. Time with family. Having a dog. Being in the sunlight, sleeping at hours, etc. I think... Like alcohol, drug abuse, gambling. There's plenty of data to say it makes you life worse. And also, just things like spending more time on the screen. Like, you spend 30 to an hour of day on social media. It can make you happy. Four hours is definitely making you life worse. So... That's how I think about trading. It's like... In moderation. Small amounts probably good. Or okay. To your current base, you know this. You've never been there. You've never been there. You said you've been three months. You've been in the expires. You've never been there. Yeah. So... So... You're a signal on your mental. It's like... You've got... I'm not getting what it is. Um... Sorry. You're a 60-year-old. I'll slide right in. Okay. Okay. Let me... Let me... So... My software does not do that. I have to... Okay. The broker usually gives me an email. The broker gives an email. So I can, like, log in. I can also mark it on my calendar. Because it's gonna tell me. So... Who's that? Just to track it out of three months. Yeah. So, for instance... Here's what it looks like to actually place a trade in this futures broker. It looks confusing. But here on the bottom of the left, I can type in the contract. Let's see if it loads. MES. For March. Buy one at the market. Send. I would... That's all it is. It's done. And then over here I see the stop loss. MES. It says, I have five. And my stop loss is here. Now, if I... I have five futures... I have five. Micro. S&P 500 contracts. But if I like it, quote info. It tells me the value of per point. And it also tells me the expiration date. So here. It's March 20, 2026. Um... Sometime between... Before that, I need to go in and buy the... I think it's a June contract. NinjaTrader is going to email me. And that week. If I forget. Um... Since it's a dollar and an out, it's going to cost me five dollars. It's the total fee to roll that contract. Again, it's up. I think it was like $13,000. So five dollars fees is fine. If I do not roll it over, it just closes the trade. And you have the profit. So it doesn't really hurt you too much. That's happened before. Where I like vlogging the next week and I'm like, where did my position go? And I just re-bought it at a slightly different price. So it's not like you can use that date. You can use it. You can talk to that text screen as you can't control it in the software. Special force of this house. Total force is really doesn't push your rewind. No, yeah. On first, it's probably some brokers that do it automatically. This one doesn't. But also... So like when I put it, if I'm buying the contract, The June and the September is available. So I'm maybe I would just buy the June. So I don't need to worry about it till June. There's such a thing that's called liquidity, which is basically how many people are trading a contract. Everybody's trading the March contract. So it's easy to get in and out. But if I were to try to trade, let's see. I don't know why it's not working. But there's maybe a contract in next year. No one's trading it. So you end up paying like a higher price. But I mean, there's flexibility there. Some people would say it's discretion, but I say it just doesn't matter. I mean, you could get out any week and into the next one. Effectively, it doesn't matter. I can't shit. Or when they do push this, I'm going to trade. What interests you are. Because you try to pay for a loan. That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that. It's just having enough money that I've made sense. Like. For yours, of course, maybe I have this money savings accounts. Marking off. Yeah. I'm just very, very invested in the office. Well, I mean, I started with regular investing. It was just buying Bitcoin. But that was when I was like 2020. I just finally had like enough money that I made sense to do something with it. That was basically it. And also in 2020 with all the money printing. I was like, I knew inflation was going to be crazy. So I had to park it somewhere. So that's when I started. No. I mean, I was around it for like a decade. And I was like, I'm broke. This isn't for me. Okay. Yeah. That's going unfortunate. Yeah. That's going unfortunate. I just logged into my discord. This guy's sharing with the call. Can't help. Can't help. Can't help. Yeah. I'm just reading this. I just logged into my discord. This guy's sharing with the call. Can't help. You can't really see. But he is a $54,000 profit on silver right now. So his account has gone from 18 to $72,000. That's crazy. I mean, I'm happy. I'm happy. But to answer, I'm just in my, I'm in my group right here. Like I'm, and I'm in here answering questions every single day. And also, if I'm not, other people do. So I mean, it's kind of amazing. There's people who are doing better than me. There's plenty of people doing better than me. So just, yeah, I mean, there's the chance of the questions. I have a lot of support. If you're trading futures, the minimum would be five. But I mean, and if you're not, I'd say the minimum is much higher. Because again, if you're expecting 10 to 20%. What starts to matter in your life? If you even have 20, and you make an extra 2K, it doesn't matter that much. Maybe maybe not. So it's like, I mean, it's a game for rich people. Or if you're like, willing to take a huge risk. You guys good? Right? Thank you guys.
