VIDEO_ID: lpqt1iQ6Txc
TITLE: Crypto Edge Pro System Updates and Results - Crypto Bots are COOKING
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 686.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 118.8s processing
============================================================

Hey guys, I'm going to be talking about our automated crypto portfolio. We call it crypto edge pro. I call it crypto bots for shorthand hand. I wanted to give some education on it because I haven't had given any opportunities for anyone to sign up for the software since November of last year. But I've decided to open it up again. And there's going to be a window this weekend from when I'm recording it to get the software. But if I'm going to allow people to buy it, I want people to be educated on what it is. So that's what I'm going to try to do here. I've got FAQs and so on. I'm just kind of updating it where it is. I didn't like it's just something you have to accept with the system. You can look at the equity back test. This is going back seven years in the last six months. By the way, everyone who's bought it is in profit. Who's using it at least. Some people stop using it in here. Understandable reasons. This is a hard this even though it's automated fully automated. All you have to do is fund your account. It's hard to stay with it because the equity curve. It's like it's reverse Pareto you make. Yeah, I mean, it's essentially you make all your money and tail events. That's how it's playing out. You lose money most of the time and then you make insane amount of money in a single day or a single week. So you can see the white is the total equity curve and here's all these other thirty twenty seven bots on here. But we had a day in October. You guys remember I made 60 grand in a day and I was running around like that led to my account getting disabled. So I don't post like that anymore even if it's real. But in ended up bleeding out for November, December, January and then it took everyone to new highs in February. But if we look back at the equity curve of the back test, this is why I want to educate you guys. Because unfortunately a lot of people who bought the software did not benefit the account didn't double when it could have because they're like, I don't trust this anymore. So I want you to trust it, but I also want you to understand that was my fault and maybe not educating people of look. This is how it works. It's an uncomfortable system. The best thing you can do is not look at it for 365 days. You could be up 180% in one year, 163% in the last six months. Right. So here we have non compounding, which is just additive, not multiplicative. It's just in reality it trades compounding, but this is just a way to look at it. I mean compounding, here's what it looked like. It had the spike in October. I gave all the back to a new drawdown and then just went straight up. So it actually had a max historical drawdown or close to when that happened. Yes. Very close to a max historical drawdown then immediately accounts more than doubled, which is really insane. So here you do get to, you do get to, let's go to profile. You can choose BitGat or HyperLickWid. You enter your API key. You transfer money and that's it. And you get to set your desired risk level. It doesn't 100 doesn't mean you're risking 100% of the account necessarily. It means, yeah, I mean losses may exceed the set risk level. It basically means the maximum historical drawdown was made of 100R. It's just a concept. We can't go above 100, but we had some people running 100 risk and they didn't go to zero during the drawdown. They just lost a lot of money, but they made it back, right? So I'm not going to tell you how much you should risk, but you get to choose that. You can also turn off certain bots if you want to, but it's not something that I recommend. So let's just look at all 27 bots. It gives a description of the strategy. The recover rate is given the average rate of return, non compounded. How many days does it take to make up from the max drawdown? And a lot of these bots on their own aren't very impressive, but what makes them good is they're relatively uncorrelated. They trade differently. So there's a lot of different strategies in here. This one is sort of an exotic strategy is trading a divergence on exotic data, which is the funding rate. So that's unique. It doesn't work all the time. It hasn't worked very well in the last four months, but over time it's had these spikes where it's made a lot of money. So there's 27 bots. We'll just go through all of them. Why not? Here's another spot per spot per price divergence. You notice it hasn't even traded in four months this one. And it's just not the most beautiful equity curve, but when you put them all together, it's quite nice. Here's another spot per volume divergence. So part of the philosophy is, instead of just one strategy, you run a number of similar strategies with different settings. And that covers more bases. This one also has been a losing. Okay. But for his another spot per volume divergence, which looks like it hasn't traded very much and hasn't done more recently. There's another spot per volume divergence. So there's a whole category. All right. Now is a new one. Here's a long breakouts and short break downs. It buys high prices and it sells low prices. And here you can see this is one of the ones that was really cooking recently. This is one of the ones that brought the portfolio to new highs. But seven. This is a mean divergence strategy. We're sort of a mean reversion. One of the few where it buys really, really low prices and tries to hold on. And something you can note about this and I explain this is look how painful this thing is to trade it. You go to a max drawdown before going to new highs almost every time because you're holding this thing going down and then it shoots up. So this one is quite uncomfortable to hold. Here we have Bitcoin long only breakouts. So a lot of the strategies are based on just wanting more exposure to Bitcoin knowing that it's one of the strongest assets. It's the strongest asset in crypto historically. So. Yeah, the current drawdown is the max drawdown I guess. Where the breakouts have not been working on Bitcoin this year the past year, but that's okay. Because it's just one of 27. Here's a Bitcoin long only trend following. So a lot of it's just following Bitcoin to the upside. His long only monthly breakouts. This one hasn't traded in four months. You see this one doesn't trade very often, but it's done a good job with catching the ball runs. Here's a Bitcoin long only dip by so it's buying low prices and trying to hold hasn't yet traded maybe it needs a moving average or something. This one looks pretty weak, but it's made money in the back test. Each of my good trend plus four hours to cast it. The developer told me this is the only one that chat to you came up with of the 27 and it was human ideas. About 13 short break downs. This is one of the ones that's done very well recently. On the all kind market dumps you get protected from it. Bitcoin long here's another long like Bitcoin strategy of which there's many long only this one's quite interesting. When the volatility picks up it goes long. So some of these aren't really looking at price actually they're just looking at different characteristics. Here's a four hour fair value gap strategy. So this is an ICT concept and you guys hear me hate on ICT, but it's just because he doesn't validate his strategies. You can go and validate and you'll find a lot of them don't work but some of them do and a lot of them do work. So it's not that I don't think it's stuff all the stuff works, but he doesn't. He's relies on intuition rather than proving it. Well, we found that fine. In this case if a four hour fair value gap is creating you don't wait for a trace when you just buy right down otherwise you miss you risk missing the entire move. And that worked in what matters is the asset as well. Here's another mean reversion debt buy on Bitcoin. This one is top seven relative strength high volume all its long only breakouts. The idea with this was getting exposure to if XRP goes to the moon or does has its has its moment you're going to be exposed to that to the upside. And a lot of it as I want to remove any reason for me to trade. I want everything covered by the bot is bot 19. It's another same concept as the last one you're exposed to the best performing offcoins. Here's another. Here's one that's interesting. This is a exotic data trade. It's looking a perpetual futures cumulative volume delta long only. Yeah, and a lot of these don't have traditional stop loss or the stop loss is really hit they have a conditional close where if it falls under the super trend or there's a four hour candle in the other way it gets out. So it is time to be day trading. Here's another perp CVD which it's not really a great strategy. I mean luck. It's been losing and it's just but it's okay. It's just mixed in it has some edge and we trade some edge. It doesn't need to be the best strategy I skipped 22 Sunday and Monday sets bias shortly and breakouts. This one is quite creative and interesting where it looks at the idea of weakness over the weekend. This being a filter for weakness during the week and this is another one that did quite well recently. So this one is very creative and I really like that one. Here's another spot perp price divergence, funding rate, not the best strategy but hey it's made money on the back test again and we'll take that spot perp price. So there's a lot of funding rate strategies which haven't done very well recently but it hasn't mattered. This one another spot perp price divergence. There's so many of these 26, another one. Another one. Okay 27. BTC long lonely low volatility with fixed CP. So a lot of the CC is just long Bitcoin tends to work. So anyways that's a lot of the strategies. If you're interested in it there's a link in the bio you can check that out. And yeah I just want to set the stage if you get in with this. In order to for this to work you have to hold through some nasty drawdowns in long periods of boredom and losing or there are periods where it tends to drift up but you can see a lot of the times it happens in one day and you don't know what day it's going to be. So yeah I hope you found this helpful and available for any questions if you have them. Aloha.
