VIDEO_ID: PgwctmzVUCI
TITLE: This Claude Code Trick Saves You $1000s on TradingView
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1415.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 217.8s processing
============================================================

What you're seeing on screen right now are 10 of the most valuable features that come with the max plan on trading view. This is a $270 a month plan. I've got them all functioning perfectly on my free account. I've done it entirely on Cloud Code and I'm going to teach you how to do it today as well. So in today's video, I'm going to give you three different things. Number one, I'm going to teach you about all of the different features that we're replicating today in our free account. Number two, I'm going to teach you how to install this into your own trading view. And number three, I'm going to make it so insanely easy. I'm going to give you one copy and paste prompt. Absolutely free that you can copy and paste into your Cloud and have the whole thing set up. And I'm going to demo that whole process in this video. So right after you subscribe, let's get into it. So to find a prompt, absolutely for free, all you have to do is click the link in the top line of the description of this video. Once you're in, you just come up to the top here and click Classroom, then the YouTube video prompts. These are all absolutely free forever. Copy this entire prompt. And you can do that right now and build this thing right now without any of my explanation. And you can jump straight to the part of the video where we go over the demo. But if you do want to understand what's going on here and which paid features we are replicating, then that's what I'm about to get into right now. So you might not know that the free plan with trading view gives you basically two slots to do whatever you can with. You get two slots for indicators. You can't use other charts on the same screen. There's a whole bunch of stuff you can't do. It's extremely limited. But I was looking at it and I thought, this seems really weird to have such limitations. We have access to something called Pinescript. And Pinescript used to be this inaccessible thing and was only available to people who could code in Pinescript, right? But now we have AI. The AI can do all of this coding for us. We don't need this limitation there anymore. We can now do anything we want. So it got me thinking, how many of these massively paid features can we incorporate for free using Pinescript in our free accounts? And it turns out there's nine or ten of them that are incredibly powerful that we can use. And while some of them we cannot replicate things like how the top tier of trading view doesn't show you any ads. We can't stop that unless we actually build an ad blocker with which we probably could do actually using claw but not for this video. But things like historical charts and historical data and alerting systems, these things are very limited if not completely not on the free plan but we're going to do it anyway. So the first and most obvious one here is the inability to have multiple indicators on the screen. What you have with the free trading view account is you're allowed two indicators on your chart at any time if you want more than that than you've got to upgrade. But what are indicators really? It's really just a background pine script that uses the data of the chart to overlay something on the chart. So essentially what we're able to do is take the structure of multiple indicators. You could even do like a hundred indicators here, not that that would be useful but you could package those 100 indicators into the pine script to fill the slot of a single indicator. People who are serious about trading will have loads of indicators on screen, trying to find conferences and all of that stuff. We can now do that absolutely for free just being smart with some pine script. Now what you also have on the max plan is the ability to have a four chart paid layout. Essentially having four charts on the screen at a single time is something that people will pay a lot of money for so you can see everything moving all at once. You might have multiple trades going, you might be looking at these different assets for confluence to make a trade in the asset that you're actually looking at. But a lot of people use those different charts to have different timeframes for the same asset that they're looking on. So they might be looking at Tesla to the dollar, right? And people will pay to be able to have the one hour chart, the one day chart, the one week and the one month all on the same screen. Whatever it is, you can't do that on the free account, unless you can. My work around for this was to actually create a multi time frame dashboard that goes straight onto your screen that shows you on the asset that you're looking at on the different timeframes, what's happening on those different timeframes. So we're not looking at the four different charts, we're actually just looking at a condensed view of what's happening on the other charts without needing to have four of them on the screen. The next feature we're going to replicate is the premium screen at all. Now what the screen at all does, it looks out at a watch list to see if that criteria is being met across different assets. The great thing is with PineScript we can literally entirely replace that feature. Just sprinkle in a little bit of PineScript seasoning and we've completely replicated what people pay a lot of money for. And the fourth thing we've replicated is something that we're calling the Anchored V-Wap. Now V-Wap stands for volume-weighted average price and this is really useful for people and this is why people pay lots of money for it is that they can look at certain events that took place and you can define these moments in time that say it's Elon Musk going on to set a day-night live talking about Dogecoin. What Elon Musk does this crazy demonstration of the new Tesla car and it's amazing, you can highlight that moment in time and calculate the moves from that moment onwards. It allows you to see what people have been doing, post that event, or you could even look to see what people were doing before that event. That data might be useful to you somehow. And again, you can determine when that moment in time is and we can entirely replicate that for free. I think it's about time you subscribe, isn't it? The fifth one is one I use all the time and it's incredible and I can't believe it's taking me this long to figure out I could do it for free but it's entirely free and it's entirely just as useful as the paid version. And I'm calling this the volume profile slash POC. POC in this case stands for a point of control and let me explain how it works. So essentially shows on the chart is what's called a histogram and that histogram shows horizontally which prices in the all the price history were most traded because this can serve as really useful information if you're looking for resistances and supports of price action in the future and it displays it on the right of the chart so you can actually see where these high trading areas are. So if you're trying to make the case for a reversal or a continuation or a support or a retest or whatever it is this histogram is so valuable. There's a reason why this is a feature on the max plan at trading view. Again, entirely free using this one-shot prompt. Now feature 6 is also super cool and it replaces the need for the feature of a second chart having a second chart on the screen and what our adapted feature does is it takes the higher timeframes or whatever different timeframes you want from the chart and displays them on the chart while you're looking at a single chart. So you can have all of that on your screen without needing additional charts on the screen. Again think about this you would have had to have paid for this before and now it's completely free. Now the seventh feature that we're replicating here usually would require you every time you jump onto your chart or you reload your trading view up you're going to have to draw these lines by hand again. I'm talking about things like the day high the month high the week high the highs and lows the opening price the low and close like all of that stuff is just on your screen and updating every time you load up this pine script. So you're not even to redraw these things because the chart has moved because it's moving as the chart moves. Now this next feature is called Sessions and this is an insanely valuable feature that's on the top plan of trading view and we get this absolutely for free as well. Essentially what it does is it shades on the chart a specific color you can determine all of these things by the way like which color which market all the colors and customization is completely up to you. It will shade the opening and closing times of London and New York and the Asian markets and it'll also highlight these high volatility what we call kill zones and you can use these kill zones to understand when times of high volatility are going to are going to take place based on when these markets are open or when they're overlapping or where these kill zones are. Now number nine I absolutely love because on the free plan you can I don't even know if you can set any alerts to be honest and need to check that. If so if something happens on the chart you want to be alerted as to the fact that that's happened. I know that on the lower tiers you get a certain amount of alerts but we can override that alerting system by sprinkling in a little bit of Claude code. So now we can actually have smart alerts. So instead of having different alerting tools that you have you're making your own alerting tool based on the trading view chart and you can actually set up an infinite amount of alerts about your trading. Not that you're necessarily going to want to do that. You have almost unlimited capacity now and in the demo we're about to get into. You can set up these alerts however you want. You can have a message sent to your telegram to your Slack to your Discord to your email. You can have it all set up with this smart alert feature that completely removes the need for a lot of alerts on trading view. Now that we've replaced all of those features I want to tell you like when when you go through this demo process we're about to kind of go through together here you have the ability to select any of these features that you want and so if there's five of them that you do want and four of them that you don't you can just select the ones you do want and the onboarding process will tailor the entire experience for what you're looking for. At the end of all of that it will generate you a specific pine script for your needs and that's the pine script that we're going to put into trading view and in reality you don't even need to copy and paste it into trading view because Claude is going to do it for you. As I mentioned to you before all you need to do is go to the top line in the description of this video click through to zero one systems this is absolutely free by the way you'll end up on this page that you're seeing on the screen click over to classroom on the top you'll see the YouTube video prompts button right there and you just have to find the get max trading view plan features for free on here it might be somewhere down here but ultimately every video I make on YouTube is here you may recognize some of these so what we're going to do is just triple click there click copy and we're going to come over to our terminal we're going to start a new terminal session here and as always we're just going to start with Claude and for me specifically you don't have to do this is I put dangerously skipped permissions on this just allows things to move a little bit quicker and all we're going to do is paste in that huge prompt voila it's now going to take us on this onboarding process to kind of any of the elements that we want to adapt like which assets we're looking at or which indicator we want to adapt the colors that we want to use we can customize all of that depending on what you want so it's a good idea to have an idea of what you want in the first place and this will be able to do it so one thing we're using from my viral video that came out a while ago about connecting Claude code to trading view is that we use something called trading view mcp essentially allowing trading view to communicate with Claude back and forth in real time so anything you say to Claude can then be can then actually happen on trading view on the screen so if I've actually changed my screen to look like this you can see on the right hand side is the trading view desktop app that's open and on the left you can see my terminal view so anything that we do on the left there's a certain point where it starts to create the trip there pine script you'll see that all happen on the screen on the right it's incredible to see so it's gonna take us through a series of steps the first step is that it wants to install this mcp this connection between Claude code and trading view if it hasn't been installed already on your computer it will go ahead and install it there will be a process for it it will walk you through the entire process just follow it along it's made to be super easy like regardless of your technical ability just follow the process and it will install this mcp on your trading view at a certain point it might ask you to restart your terminal I'm gonna show you how to do that in just a second but for right now it's gonna ask me some questions and it says step one or four how big do you want it because we can go max like with all of this stuff as many indicators as we need as many alerts as we need but we need to actually have a number we need to know what we're working towards so it says how big do you want your all in one indicator do you want to curate it so you get to pick your features or do you want everything at the maximum limit that we have and so I'm gonna say curate so I'm gonna select this one and click enter and it should just give me a series of options that I can select from and I can choose which ones I want to actually use for this process so there it is this is the first one in terms of overlays what do I want we've got a moving average suite which has four different moving averages this will replace the extra indicator slots that we were limited by previously we've got the v-wap and anchored v-wap we've got the key levels we've got higher time frame levels yeah so I'm gonna select all of them so I can do this and you'll see a check mark appears every time I want all of those actually so let's go to next now we're on to context tools so we can select do we want the volume profile the session kilzones I really want that signal markers for by or cell yeah I'll have that too and we can click next which dashboards in alert do you want well I want a multi symbol screener I want the smarter alerts definitely and I want the multi time frame dashboard as well I'll click submit on that and submit all of my answers so if you did have to restart your session after the install of the trading v-wap or you have to do is start a new terminal so you come into your new terminal you do the same thing we do we do clawed dangerously skip permissions and you'll see here you actually can do a forward slash and then type mcp once you do that you can click enter and it shows you all the mcp that you're using you'll come down here you'll see the trading view one you'll be able to click enter and then restart and this will get it activated for you you then can close that terminal out start a new one and then copy and paste the original prompt back in and that's it's really quite easy it will explain it all for you as well so it says nice let's pick the tools that you're actually use it showed me the list that's fine and it's locked it in here's what you picked basically the whole toolkit but except one which was the volume profile skipped one because I've got free will so we've got the moving average sweet the v-wap and could v-wap key levels all of that stuff yeah and it's just kind of putting a disclaimer here we can't genuinely rebuild some of them in pine script but we can kind of like do our best with pine script and replicate the features just in a different way than the features would appear on the paid one so it's just a bit of a disclaimer there but it even said we don't everything that you tick though we absolutely can replicate so in this case everything here is replicatable so step number two or four let me tune these to how you actually trade I've got nine quick questions one at a time say defaults to any or defaults for everything and I'll pick sensibly so for moving averages this is where you can really tailor it to the way you want if you look at the 52 week moving average or someone else looks at the 19-day moving average you can absolutely tell it and you can have as many moving averages as you want like literally whatever your heart's desire whatever the other traders have said you can install it all on there in whatever color you want without any limit so for me for this maybe we'll do one where we can tune it specifically so I will say defaults for everything except I definitely want the 52-day moving average right so I can just add one in there right so as a defaults for everything except I definitely want the 52-day moving average the thing about this is that you can spend a good chunk of time here if you've got an actual strategy you can get spend a good chunk of time here really tailoring each one of these things so that you get a dashboard that is perfect for your strategy and any signals that you want to generate and it's also worth noting that at any time whatever you see on your trading view side you can change the asset whenever you want right so you can just come over to as you know how to use trading view you come over here choose whatever asset that you're looking for it might be bitcoin for example and it will just apply look as even opened up the pine script editor here for me now so I'm actually going to move this across so we can see more of the trading view thing happening it's loading up the whole pine script it's creating the pine script for me based on all the answers that I've given you can change the asset that you want to look at in the cloud code and it will change it on the trading view or you can just go to trading view and change the asset there or you could have it like you know multiple assets that you want to be tracking you could say could we not track on one of these dashboards you know Tesla Apple Google Bitcoin Ethereum and it will just do that so it's just going to I'm just going to click allow on a few of these things as it comes up it's so low maintenance it's unbelievable it's like this is why the connection between trading view and cloud code got almost 900,000 views on a video it's so cool it's insanely cool so let's wait for this pine script to get written and all of a sudden it will just pop up on the screen and we can enable it and see it on our chart for the very first time and this is a really important thing to see here is that there are actually some mistakes in the first in the first version of the pine script but what's great here is look it says hit one small error it should be this in in pine script version 6 patching it it's just going to fix the issue so it's been installed in such a way into your computer that any issues that do come up in the pine script just get fixed and when it's all fixed then it just goes onto the screen and it's incredible and just four minutes later the pine script is complete and you've now replicated potentially nine of the biggest features that you find on the top tier account of trading view for free using cloud code using pine script and they're all doing it automatically together cloud is talking to trading view, trading view is talking to cloud it's a match made in heaven it's writing all of the different modules now on the left hand side for the pine script and very shortly the pine script will be installed onto the chart on the right and then boom it will all be there all right there you are there is the pine script all over here it's absolutely incredible all we have to do now is click that play button boom it's actually done it let's close the pine script it's done the entire thing you can see the symbols that it's tracking on the right hand side we can change any of those just by talking to cloud we can see on the on the on the top side the different timeframes that we're working with and the trend that there are on those different timeframes and what the RSI is on those different timeframes you can see even the intricate by and sell signals in here you can see all the moving averages you can see everything we've installed i mean look at that indicator name it's got everything in there one thing i'm noticing that i really liked was actually the thing that we missed out and so i'm actually going to go back and it said it there it's even suggested it in my in my terminal turn on the volume profile too so i'm actually going to say that and type that in and it will run the updates and actually add the volume profile as well this is the one where it shows you know which levels have been traded the most and so we'll wait for that to get added and then we'll start the setting up with the alerts and this is very much a starting point like whatever you can imagine you now have the ability to talk to cloud code to have it update things and change things and change some assets change the colors for goodness sake you can do whatever you want add a feature and if you do add a feature please tell me in the comments because i'd love to see that people doing cool stuff with this and if you've even watched my other video about setting up cloud and trading view to actually execute trades for you you can do so by clicking the i in the top right of this video and it'll take you to the instructions on how to set that whole thing up as well which is incredibly useful you if you paired that with this and maybe the Markov method that we've talked about in a previous video that went absolutely crazy as well you can create insanely complex strategies very simply by following these one-shot prompts and so the new pine script is in we're going to delete it as an indicator on there and click the play button once again and once we do that let's move this slightly out the way here let's click the play button and see what happens yep well there it is it's absolutely done what i wanted it to let's close that down you can see here on the on the side it's shown me the volume so i know that this price level right here on the Tesla chart is a very highly traded point this one also is which shows me this is a good region for a support and there's a and there's a resistance level here which we actually can see reflected in the chart anyway so all of that has been entirely set up what we can also do is you know if you can say that the London the London market opening times and closing times we want that and to be in a different color and it would just change it there's a lot of flexibility here to use so the next thing we need to do is set up the alerts so i'm just going to go to a chord on the left hand side and say can we do the alerts now and so this is going to be set up relatively easy again this whole one-shot prompt has made to be easy we don't need to see trading views so much now because we've got everything set up on the screen so it says on it the whole point of module 10 is that one trading view alert can cover every condition you enable so we're essentially using one of the alerts rather than using multiple alerts but that one alert is going to alert on a lot of different things going to have a lot richer information we just need to create a single any alert function call alert on the indicator and let me wire it up for you directly first let me confirm the indicators actually on your chart it needs to be there for your alert to attach then we can create the and it's just check that it said yes good the free plan unlocked all in one is on your chart so the alert has something to attach to there are zero alerts right now so it's a clean slate on your phone or your desktop trading view takes about 20 seconds tap the alarm clock icon so that's what we're going to do so the alarm clock icon is just on the right there as we've opened that up it's going to ask me now to create an alert the condition needs to be on that first drop down and it needs to pick this the one that we've actually been using we're going to choose it to once per bar close just as this is telling us and it's going to choose to and we have to now choose how it's going to notify us so that can be by email or web hook URL or play a sound or whatever it is you can you can apply all of that there and obviously you can change any of these features whatever you want you're creating the single alert and that single alert will provide you with all the information you need as as rich a context within the alert because because if you think about it the alert isn't using a single indicator it's not using in a traditional sense it's not using a single indicator to provide an alert it's actually using all of the indicators we've created to produce an alert and so it's one of those indicators that's triggered that has generated the alert but you're actually getting a lot more information from every indicator that you've installed in your single indicator whatever your cloud code is telling you to do in the setup here is what you should do right it might be different than what I'm doing on the screen because it's based on what I've selected on my checklist then you continually follow the instructions it says right here tell me once you've hit create and I'll run the alert to underscore list to confirm that it registered correctly so once you've created your alert just do that and all should be well and good if this one shot prompt was an absolute mind blow for you then I can guarantee the other prompts are going to be mind blowing to you as well for example the self-improving agent that we created an insider trading agent that we created or even recreating certain elements of hedge fund strategy using AI as well or with their own very simple one-shot prompts you can copy and paste using the link in the top line of the description registering for free with zero one systems coming over to the classroom button clicking YouTube video prompts and getting access to all the prompts for free forever for every video where I do a demo like this let me know how the setup goes and I'll see you in the next one
