VIDEO_ID: SSygS-Oubi8
TITLE: WEEKLY ASTROLOGY FORECAST - Major Shifts Happening Worldwide
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1388.8s
TRANSCRIBED: 333.9s processing
============================================================

We're live. Welcome in everyone. This is going to be the week ahead. What you could expect. So we start off with today. Um, so what today? Um, this is a side to real shark. So today, the moon is in Virgo and it's with K2 and it's in the fifth house. So with the moon being in Virgo, a lot of people could be thinking about their health. Because Virgo represents the sixth house and the sixth house is all about work and health. So we start off today with Monday. As soon as you wake up, you might think about maybe I need to improve my health. Maybe I need to make some changes. Because K2 represents the past and releasing. Maybe I need to seriously focus on my health and make some serious changes. Whether that be drinking more water or maybe changing your diet or maybe wanting to increase more fiber. Something here today, today Sunday, May 24, you're thinking about help making some serious changes. The collective, this is collectively all of us on a like grad scale today for the ones that that is not awake. Yeah, for the ones that's watching this. You're going to be seriously wanting to make some changes with your health today. Definitely you will. You're going to wake up and feel like, you know what, maybe I need to cut out pork or maybe I need to cut out beef or maybe I need to stop eating fried foods or too much sugar. Today is the day of change for a lot of people. For a lot of you today is today where you're making some kind of change. And I feel like you might fall through with it. Today you might be like, you know what, I want to start fasting or intermediate fasting or whatever that is. So we're going to go to tomorrow. So I have the chart. Sorry. Give me one second. Once going on and it's a forever. Okay, let's let it load. That's your seek. So I have it for tomorrow. This is the chart for tomorrow tomorrow. Tomorrow when you wake up the moon will be in Virgo. But it's going to be at a later degree. Hold on. This is in tropical. You got to put this inside your real. Give me a second. I don't like using this app. I have my own. A astrology processor. But it won't come up for some reason when I use Safari only when I use Google. So the next time I make a video like this is going to be on my my own not this I don't not like astral seek. So we're on Tuesday. Well, Monday. Sorry. So we're on Monday. So the moon is in Virgo. And we have K to on the IC line will not on the IC line, but now the IC line. So what us with us having the moon in the fifth house. And with K to there in the affordable in the fourth house. Monday is going to be a day for changes. Well, a lot of people will still be thinking about their health. A lot of people might be thinking about not just like health as in food, but who's healthy for you. This could be family, friends, career, a lot of people might realize that somebody in their life is maybe not healthy for them. Maybe this could be a partner, a family member, whatever it might be. Monday when you wake up, you might realize that I don't think I could do this or these people are holding me back. Or maybe I need to release this relationship. I need to release this partnership or I need to release someone. Monday when you wake up, you might, you might be in the mood where I need to make some serious changes. Sunday was all about your health. Monday, it's about making some serious changes. Whether that's letting go of a person, a place, this feels more like personal place. Monday, for somebody else could be in your job. You might realize that you need to make some serious changes within your job or you might need to just let that job go and focus on building something for yourself. But Monday, it's going to be this moment where a lot of people is seriously question and things, a lot of people is seriously question and something on Monday. Monday is going to be like, I've had it up to here. I can't do this anymore kind of emotion on Monday. Okay, so we're going to look at Tuesday. So Tuesday the moon is still in furrow. So with the moon being in furrow, a 16 degrees. It's about to, it's almost at the 6th house and with K to being in that same position Tuesday, I strongly feel like we could be hearing some bait moves on Tuesday. Tuesday is going to be the day when a lot of us could be hearing some news. Would you put her be in that third house or rather be in the 10th? We could hear some serious big news with something to do with the government or leadership. So it's going to be some big news that comes out on Tuesday. And for some people, this could be some news that comes out in your personal life. This could be news that happens in your personal life on Tuesday. But Tuesday is going to be the day where some major information comes out. This could be what the government official, a president, a politician, some big news comes out on Tuesday. And for some people, this is some news inside of your personal life. You might hear some news that comes out that you might not want to hear or you might. You just for some people, this might just be something you do not want to know on Tuesday. But there's some information that's coming out on Tuesday. And when a world scale from a mundane stance, this could be about a world leader, a president, a politician, something that you would in government. But what I can tell you is there's some big news that comes out on Tuesday. For some of y'all, this is within your personal life. Okay. We're going to go to Wednesday. Oh my god, what's going on with this now? Yeah, I'm not going to use this app any more to do a video like this. So what is that? What is that? The moon is still in work. Oh, only in the morning time. By the time the mid days here, the moon is going to be in Leo, okay? So, but I'm only reading bass on the mornings. I'm not doing full days. So when I say, when we wake up, the moon will be in Virgo 28 degrees. And it's going to be with the Vortex. One of the days going to be a pivotal day for a lot of us. Something day is coming out on Wednesday. Something something big. This could also be with something coming out on the American news, because this chart is based in America. But this is going to affect everybody worldwide, because I live in America. So this chart is based on the American time and location. So we could definitely be hearing something for those of us that lives in North America. Something big comes out on the news, talking about something in North America. The reason why I'm saying that is because of our taxes in the 6th house with the moon being in Virgo 28 degrees. And Mars is in that 12th house, okay? We could be hearing some big news. We could be hearing about maybe news about somebody stepping down. Doesn't necessarily have to mean Trump. It could mean somebody that's in politics in the political realm. Somebody could definitely be having some issues. This could even be Trump. Doesn't necessarily have to be Trump, but it could be Trump. This could be somebody in his camp. A lot of people have been resigned and recently from his camp. But when I say we could definitely hear some news. Some big news about somebody in politics. When I say we could also hear about some news with something to do with the war. There's something big coming out on Wednesday. It's what I'm going to tell you. Something big. When I say big, big. When is the big news coming out? Yep. One of the days going to be that day when I feel like a lot of people is going to be like, What? Well, Trump does have his health, his health. They're looking at his, he has his health evaluation on Tuesday. So that's very interesting. One is say we could be hearing some news. This could be based on maybe the Ebola or my hand to virus. With the moon and vertex, speeding in the sixth house. And Kyron and Mars being in the 12th house. So because there are some updates about that. We might hear about another case on Wednesday or more cases on Wednesday. Brown on this chart is based worldwide. This is worldwide predictions. So now we're going to look at Thursday. Thursday. The moon is in Libra when we wake up. So with the moon being in Libra and vertex being in the second house. K-2 and Mars being in the 12th house. She would have been in the third. Next week is definitely going to be an informational week. Next week just seems like so much news is coming out. Thursday when we wake up. I feel like Thursday is going to be definitely a peaceful day. More peaceful than the rest of the days. Thursday just seems like a day where a lot of harmony happens. Thursday honestly seems like the best day so far from what I'm looking at. With this moon being in Libra. I tend to grease by the time. A lot of the people that watched this wakes up. Thursday seems like a really really really really really. Good day. I don't really see any issues on Thursday. And with Venus being in Germany in the second house. And it's trying to sign it in that soon in the 11th. Thursday seems like a really good day for the stock market. Or for people that seem to like day trading. Thursday seems like a very harmonious day. Okay. I have nothing to say about Thursday. So we're going to go to the last day. The last day we're going to look at Friday. Let's see what happens on Friday. So we are on Friday. By the time we wake up on Friday. The moon will be at 22 degrees. And a Libra would vertex it through degrees in Libra in a six house. This week next week. Well, this week this week because the week has started today. This week is all going to be about politics and health. We have the strong six house activation this week. So on Friday. Friday with part of fortune. Being in 7th house. And Lily is being in that 7th house. Friday seems like a day that's going to be a day full of chaos. A day field filled of problems. And if you're in a relationship. If you're in a relationship. Friday could definitely be very intense. For your relationship. Friday seems like a day that's going to be very intense. We can hear some news about Iran. And the U.S. What is Iran on Friday. Friday seems very interesting. I don't feel like Friday is going to be good for the stock market. Mercury is going to finally be in Gemini on Friday. May 29th. May 29th seems very, very, very interesting. I'm going to say this week does not look good for the Donald Trump administration. Look at this chart. But Friday. Even for us, the people. Because the moon rules the people. So this is going to affect everybody. Friday. If you're in a relationship. And your relationship is already on the rocks. Like, you know, you could tell when a relationship is like about to end with a person. It doesn't always have to be romantic. It could be platonic. Like, let's say your relationship foundation is a very, already shaky. And I'll let our writing rocky. Friday might be the date actually ends. So a void confrontation, a void arguments. Avoid anyone that's going to make you get on a character. Because Friday might be that day where you just, you know, you just let somebody have it that day. Where did it be a boss or your boyfriend or your husband or wherever it might be? Don't let somebody get you out of a character. Because Friday could be that day where you just like, you know what, I am tired of it. And you just breathe somebody there right on Friday. So Friday tried to avoid drama. Okay. For a lot of people try to avoid drama. Because Friday definitely seems like it could be a drama filled day. Now, not a weird Friday and I'm looking at Friday. I hope I hope in free that there is not an escalation with Iran and the US and Israel on Friday. Because Friday just seems like that day where something could definitely escalate and turn into something more from what I could see. Friday definitely looks like that day. But the good thing is this mercury will be in Gemini. So this is May 29th. We're going to start to see the stock market go up after this day. Not Friday but after Friday. So the following week. Mercury is good for business and what it being in Gemini is amazing for business. So Jonas definitely going to be a good month for business. Worldwide stock markets all around the world. One of that is in the US China, India, wherever these like big stock market places are. You're going to see them do very well after Friday because mercury will just be going into Gemini. Mercury is at home in Gemini. So there's some good news. There's some good news for stock market. Businesses in June. So after Friday. We're going to see an increase in increase in business. Even in the economy and the economy worldwide. Especially in America. The economy is going to go up. Like what after June. What after June when they talk about how well. How well the economy didn't join. The economy is going to do really good in June. So if you're looking for a job, join might be the month. Okay. That's what I got for everyone. Bye guys. Like share and subscribe.
