VIDEO_ID: y9nhEo_U-H0
TITLE: New MTP Backtesting Tool is Cooking
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 810.1s
TRANSCRIBED: 119.4s processing
============================================================

I currently owe my developer about $7,000 with a software that I'm going to give you for free. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on developer fees software in the last year and a half. And people ask, why am I stuff this so expensive at $1,500 a year? It's so cheap. I've spent much more than you have to spend to get the same thing. And I let people sell it too. So, miss me with that question. Anyways, let's get into it. So, I'm still kind of playing around with this. But what it does is, let's me test the basket of assets. The S&B 500 Bitcoin, European stock market gold, silver, the Nasdaq and NK225. I can do it just the relative weights. I get to adjust the equity risks or the number of contracts. And the strategy, I'm not going to give it all away, but here are the parameters. Stop-wise, take profit, pyramid, break out. There's a couple of things I still want to add. It's going to let us optimize for a specific measure, whether that's... I like Kalmar as an equity, as a max historical, max return for a drawdown, basically. It looks at the max historical drawdown and works up and made it for the best return. If you're going to optimize for Sharps or Tino, CGR, the number of trials. So, it's going to run a bunch of back tests. And then, I can set it to optimize for certain... Not optimized, but take a medium number of parameters and pick the best one in the middle. So, let's try some things. Now, I've set my date to 1965. The reason is, gold wasn't really set free until around this time around 1970. So, I was just start with this. Now, if I want to optimize the parameters, I can just put it optimize and you can see it's cute. There's 200 trials running, Kalmar, and it's doing 200 back tests right now. And it's going to pick the best settings and it's going to spit it out. So, there's a danger of overfitting. You guys understand. And one of the ways that we just reduced the danger of overfitting is it didn't pick the best parameter. It found a range of the 20 best parameters and picked something right in the middle. We're also having data going back over 60 years. And another way that we're going to reduce optimization overfitting is by adding a bunch of uncorrelated assets. And it trades all the assets exactly the same. So, this is going to give us pretty robust and realistic back test of what we could potentially expect in the future. So, here we'll tell us, for instance, our stop loss is going to be almost 8ATR. Our TPS are going to be about 50. This is how much I want to put in min pyramid means. I'm going to have to ask my developer on how all the breakout levels need to be. So, right now we just have the SPX. So, we can see our CAGR, Kalmar, Sharpe, and Sartino. And the Sharpe is not very good, but it doesn't need to be a good system. I think it's sort of overrated. So, just from the SPX, right now we have our average year is 10%. So, this isn't really a big improvement over just by and hold on the SP500, especially considering that we're going to be paying taxes on this. However, one thing we could do is simply risk more. So, I'm going to explain to you guys what risk premium is here. So, look, I'm going to do the exact same back test, just with bigger size. What's going to happen? Now, our average year is 35%. Our average winning year is 67%. Our average losing year is 29%. From drawdown adjusted returns, this is not better than buy and hold. But it crushes buying hold of Y, simply because we tolerate a bigger drawdown. Think about that. Here, our max drawdown is 78%. So, a lot more than the max drawdown of just holding the SP500. So, it's difficult. A lot of people couldn't do that, but if we were to compound 35% a year, we'll still get the, we can go to decade on the decade view. What does this work? The average decade would be about a 10x. Okay, so your 100,000 would be a million in 10 years. And your million would be 10 million. So, in 20 years, you could go from 100,000 to 10 million. Although, you would have, I'm kind of confused. All of these are showing winning decades. I guess, I'm going to, I'm going to converse with the dev here right now. Okay. Why would this show, oh, was in decade? Not showing, was in decade on the bar chart. Also, what is men pyramid mean? Okay. So, let's add gold into the max. But there's other, we're still going to add things, by the way. But we're going to add gold, and then I'm going to optimize the parameters. Okay. For the best return for whatever the maximum drawdown is. So, it's running 200 trials. And it's picking the parameters that are in the middle. Not the best parameters. But here we have stop loss of 5, which is what we've been using in our group. And the stop loss A to our period of 102, we've been using 100. So, this doesn't really tell us that much, actually. This is very close to, this is very close to the settings that we've been using. But it's going to get helpful. So, here we'll run the back test. And notice, by adding gold, because of the, I'm correlation, the max drawdown went from negative 78 to negative 45%. Okay. Now, let's go back to period returns. I'm only interested in decade and year. If we go down to the daily, if we go down to the daily, it's just nice. 34% winning days, 29% losing days, average winning days a little bit bigger. If you're trying to day trade consistently, this isn't for you. And it's very hard to do that. So here with weeks, we win more weeks than we lose. Now we're starting to see edge once we go on the weekly. All right, let's go to month. Now we're at 46% a month's win, 34% lose. average winning month is 8% average losing month is negative 5. Starting to look pretty good, right? Go to quarter. We win more quarters than we lose. The average winning quarter is much bigger and now we go to the year. Okay. So here average year is 30% still. So we didn't really improve that. But we did it on a much smaller drawdown, right? average losing your negative 13%. And we got our winning years to 68%. So this is starting to look pretty good. Now, on the decade, it's one every decade. The average decade is 10x. And that could be increased. Once again, we could just increase the equity. Risk premium is the fundamental here. So now I'm just going to start adding more stuff. I'm going to add Bitcoin. I'm just going to add everything and kind of see. So I'm adding that the European stock market, Nasdaq, the Japanese stock market, and silver. So we're going to go parameter optimization. We can't. It's not set up to optimize for equity yet. Or relative weight. So that's something we're going to come into. So here, that actually changes the stock loss. It's here multiple quite a bit. Something, notice I haven't even walked at the trade. When right, we have trade data. We can get into that. So interesting. Here it's saying max drawdown is negative 8%. So I have a question about how this works. Let's look. I think what happens is it sputs the 100 up between all these. I'm not sure. So it's. What's changes is a 200. I'm just going to increase the size and see. Okay. I see. So 500 implies. 11 average. Right. So let's put it 500. So now we're seeing. 77% winning years. So this starts to become a lot more comfortable to hold. Right. Because you can make a ton of money. I'm going to jack this up even more. You can make a ton of money. Not like having a lot of losing years. It's uncomfortable. So this is quite good. So you can also get period returns. Now we're at 73% winning years. We've basically kept the average here the same. But we have a higher sharp rate. Essentially. I drawdown is relatively the same. So let's go get trade data. Trade. So it only has a 50% win rate. A 2004 and 52 trades. That's a sufficiently big sample. average win average loss. Perfect factor. Okay. So. Yeah. This tells me a lot. Now we could go in here. And I would like to increase gold. It's position size. And I would like to reduce silver's position size. Why? Because it's just to get assets relatively uncorrelated. So I'm going to run the same equity size and see how this might change things. 77% winning years. This didn't really make much of a difference. So what's increased Bitcoin and see what happens. So I'm kind of interested for optimizing for. Of that increase in percentage winning years. And that actually made quite a big difference. Okay. Yeah. I mean, this looks really good. Honestly at this point. I've done a decade. Let's go back to the decade. So now we're at 5,000. Which is it would be a 50 x. Right. So now you're 100,000 turns to 5 million. You're 5 million turns into 250 million. Is that right? In 20 years. This would be 250 million. That's sad. You would need to sit through a 50% drawn on at some point. And you would also be. You would also be. Um. Pank taxes along the way. So you wouldn't actually get a return quite like this. But. Now here we have trade data. 50% win rate. But the wins are. Twice as big as the losses. And again, to me. One of the things that I. Really like about this system is since it's based around getting paid for risk Premium. Which is compensation for taking risk. And it's not based around statistical arbitrage something weird. And again, this is. Optimizing a specific way. It's optimized to pick the most general parameter that works. Across a bunch of assets going back 60 years. So it's it's not optimized in the way. It's like it's like extremely generalized. But it's a very likely to continue to work. Now adding new assets over time of. I don't know. The South Korean stock market. Or maybe Indian stock market or Africa emerges. Could be quite interesting. But. Um. Yeah. Anyways, if you're interested. There's a link down below. And I will. Uh. Uh. Consent anymore info. So just thought that link. And all hook you up.
