The third largest bank in the United States just told everybody what the future of finance is going to be and nobody is paying attention. In a new report that Citibank just released, they mentioned Chainlinks CCIP. What on earth is that and why does it matter? Well, the thing is, is that right now all of the world's assets are being tokenized, meaning they're taking all of the world's stocks and bonds and all of these financial transactions and they're moving them onto what are called blockchains. But the problem with that is that there are literally thousands of different blockchains. And now we'll talk later about what blockchains actually are. In fact, comment down below if you want to hear more about that. But the point here is that Chainlink offers a specific solution. Chainlink offers what's called the cross chain interoperability protocol. So while there are all of these different assets that are moving on to all of these different blockchains, there has to be a standard for how all of these different blockchains are going to communicate with one another. Particularly, you have a bunch of people that are building apps on different blockchains. Imagine that you have a bunch of apps that are on Facebook or a bunch of apps that are on Instagram and you want them to be able to talk to each other. But then you also have in the financial world this concept of liquidity, meaning that all of the money is broken down into different silos that exist on these different blockchains. You can think of these blockchains as just like databases for money. And so what Citibank is telling us out loud is that Chainlink and their cross chain interoperability protocol is going to be a standard for connecting the tokenized global financial system. And now to be clear, this is not just something that's great to hear about. There's also kind of some opportunities around this. Now listen, I'm not a financial advisor and none of this is financial advice. But what I will say is that if you dig deep enough, you might see that there's a very clear opportunity to participate in the future of finance here. Look, like this also follow us, okay, for more stuff like this and I will keep you guys updated as it goes on. But until next time, peace.