His two stocks under $100 that I'm looking to buy before the SpaceX IPO. Now think about it. The SpaceX IPO is coming and most people are waiting for that to happen before they make the move. And that's the mistake because the money is made before the IPO. Not after. And I'm betting you that space is kind of going to move big on this. Now both of these stocks are under $100. Both are moving before the SpaceX goes public. Now, let me show you exactly what I'm looking at. So the first one we're looking at is Planet Labs. Take a simple P.L. Now they've trading around $20, $38 right now. Up 96% today. Let me say that again. Up 96% this year before the SpaceX IPO. Now let me tell you why Planet Labs is on my list. They operate as the largest constellation Earth brand in the world. They have over 200 satellites right now. Taking pictures of the entire surface of Earth every single day. Who buys that data? Government, defense, agencies, agriculture companies, financial institutions, disaster and sport organizations. Planet Labs doesn't just take pictures. They sell intelligence. Real-time intelligence about what's happening around the world on the ground. And as AI scales, the demand for that kind of real-time intelligence explodes. And when SpaceX goes public, the entire sector gets flooded with new money. And so the Planet Labs is up 96% now. It could probably be up almost 200% by the end of the year. And at $30, that's still early. Now number two on my list is AST Space Movement. Now this one is interesting because it's trading around $74. Now this one is different than Planet Labs because they want to do something a little bit different. They want to do something that nobody has ever done. Everyone has built cellular towers in space. Let go directly to your phone. No tower, no cable, no infrastructure on the ground. Just satellites orbiting around the space. Think about what that means. So 4.4 billion people have smartphones in their hand every day with no reliable connection, no signal, no coverage, no access. So AST mobile building and networks in space will connect all of them. They already have active satellites in the over. They already are delivering service to users. And they have partnerships with AT&T Verizon and Vodafone. So when carriers have millions of people subscribed already and they connect, the question isn't will it work? The question is, how big does it get? And that's $74. It's the full space at schools public. I think this kind of an early position. I'm not telling you the bottom to turn when I'm looking at it. When you hear what I'm doing, it's mad because SpaceX is going to go public in June at about $1.75 trillion. So them going public validates the space. So every institution ever reads and invests to sit on a satellite and say, this is time. Support a washing trap.