Gas prices are about to skyrocket. There's a big financial crisis coming. Let's take a look at how we make these predictions with the astrology. I know the financial markets are already predicting it now, but we've been warning you about this for years in astrology and this is how we knew what's coming. Okay, so this is 1973. There was a huge price drop in gas and we see that was the Kyron return or price drop. That was the Kyron return of the United States, okay? And Kyron, that's a wound, okay, a woman that never heals. In Mars, there are areas there, ruled by Mars, ours is war. Okay, we do war and then we cause ourselves problems because they restrict our oil because of our involvement with the country that isn't real. Okay, but we see Mars was in tourists, they're at the early degrees, which tourists is our financial security, okay, and six is the house of enemies and Mars was in a square with Jupiter right there at the early degrees of Aquarius, okay? And Neptune there is at five degrees of Sagittarius, which is a Jupiter-willed sign. I think Neptune rules over gas and oil, right? Because it's always lit up in these charts and that makes sense. It's like the lymphatic system for cars, okay? So we have Neptune in this square with Mars too, like it's a big problem for the U. And then we jump to 1979 when they have the next step of the like the real longer energy crisis and Jupiter was exactly opposite where it wasn't that last chart at the early degrees of Leo. And this is where it's going to be at the end of July, okay? And Kyron was at that spot, Mars was at in tourists, okay? And Kyron is about to enter tourists in like two weeks, okay? Again, that's a wound going into our financial security. So then we had a recession the entire time Kyron was in tourists, like into the early 80s, all that stagnation and recession, that's what indicated that. And Neptune had moved up to where it was opposite the US natal Mars, okay? And we can't even go back further to this is when the stock market crash in 1929. Kyron was in tourists consigned the North note, okay? And again, we had Neptune's next tile Mars, okay? And Jupiter was on the US natal Mars. So these are all these planets working together tell a story of like we flew too close to the Sun and then we have lost. So you look at this 4th of July, you see that Jupiter is coming back up to that same spot, okay? Mars and Neptune are an aspect. Kyron is moving into that tourists. This is a big financial disaster coming, like we've barely scratched the surface now and it's going to be ongoing because that Kyron is going to be going through tourists for the next six years. It's going to be like a major recession. And this kind of indicates because there's more powerful planets in aspect with this that it will be a lot worse than what they went through in the late 70s.