 The guy who predicted 2008 market crash, Michael Barry, made a post about AI and its complex financing and financial infrastructure system that every single person understand and my voice needs to understand. And he called the financial infrastructure of AI Fugazi. And on this episode, I'm gonna break it down. I'm gonna explain what every single component means, and I'm going to explain why it's important to you and how it will affect you. So you need to get your pen and paper, buckle up, and be a wild ride. All right y'all, y'all know the drill. This is not financial advice. Everything you're about to experience here is for information and educational purposes only. Do your own research and remember that every investment has a risk of loss of your money. I am not a financial advisor, I am not your financial advisor. Do your own research. And with that being said, enjoy the show. ["The Show"] ["The Show"] Over the weekend on May 30th, the guy who predicted 2008 market crash, Michael Burry, made a post about AI and its complex financing and financial infrastructure system that every single person understand and my voice needs to understand. If you plan to survive this AI revolution, you need to understand this very complex image that he shared and he called the financial infrastructure of AI, Fugazi. And if you look at this picture, it is absolutely insane and the average person will not understand it. And on this episode, I'm going to break it down. I'm going to explain what every single component means and I'm going to explain why it's important to you and how it will affect you. And the very easy way that you can circumnavigate how this thing is going to affect everybody else, how you can circumnavigate it so that it doesn't affect you in the same way. Okay, so we're going to talk all about that on this podcast episode. So you need to get your pen and paper, buckle up, it's going to be a wild ride. Feel like you should put like a sound right there. Like a, oh wow, wow, wow. It's going to be a wild ride. Okay, so before we get into it, I do want to put everything in context and we want to explain a whole bunch of stuff. The first things first that I want to explain is how AI actually works. Most people don't know it. It's important to this conversation but I think it's just an important, just important thing to know just in general since they're all claiming that the whole world is going to be dependent on AI. You need to understand how it works, okay? So I am no technical person so I'm going to explain it as easily as possible. Most people think that AI works the way that our brains work. Where we reason and we think and you give it a query or you have a conversation with it and it's reasoning back to you. What AI actually does is something very different than your brain, which is it predicts the very next word. Okay, it tries to predict the very next word. So for every word, it's running computations, gathering data from the internet to predict the very next word. That's why it's called a large language model. That's why they're called large language models because it is synthesizing language using predictions. Okay, I want to be very clear again that it does not reason the way that you and I reason. Right? We have, if you think about the way that our brain works is like we'll formulate a big idea and then we'll figure out how to communicate or we'll break out into steps and figure out how to communicate in that way. AI does not have that big giant reasoning thing. In my opinion, once you start trying to reason like humans, that is when you start to move into true AI, artificial intelligence, what they call it, artificial general intelligence. And so they are trying to get to AGI. They're trying very hard to get to AGI. They have not been able to do it. Who knows what technology they got behind closed doors, but they have not been able to do it. AGI is basically saying, hey, we want to artificially create this whole reasoning process and have AI be able to grasp new concepts and contextualize it and be able to operate similar to a human. And they want to do this so, so bad. And not just in the computative kind of standpoint. Correct. Not just probabilities of the next word. A bunch of numbers running. Just numbers. Yes, that's probably over simplification of it, but yes, I don't want to go too far down that road because I'm not going to act like I fully understand everything either, but yes, okay. In my opinion, let me be very clear. This is just my opinion. This is already a quick side. Aside, I believe as they are trying to get to AGI, they're moving very, very close to trying to artificially create sentience. That's part of life. Mm-hmm. Right? Okay. That's a problem. Then you're moving into the conversation around quantum computing. And so we already know that that's a whole thing that they're trying to do. Yeah. Quantum computing is where you take the next step up outside of probabilities, because remember I said large language models use probabilities to predict the next word. That's how they construct their sentences and then their full thought. It's not, that's different. Quantum computing is running all probabilities at the same time. That is what our brains can really do. That is what they're trying to mimic. Because we can move outside of probabilities. Now I wanna get too quickly into scripture, but God is gonna do a new thing. A new thing is something that's improbable. Just the mere fact that you're sitting here is highly improbable. Okay? So they're trying to get to AGI, which is another way in my opinion of saying sentience, and they're trying to spark of life. Don't let that go over your head what she just said to that. She said it so fast. She said it so fast. Because we gotta get on to the meat and potatoes. We gotta get to the money. Y'all can ponder this all y'all want. That can't go over their head now, okay? But yes, they are. The other part of this is all y'all what? But we'll be able to do an episode specifically about that and I'll explain my theories on that. But cool, they have not been able to get that. And so you have these large language models which predicts the next word. In the past when you're using computers, the things that are, the types of chips that are more important are CPUs, central processing units. Central processing units are like the system, right? Which a computer runs on. Think of it as like a executive in a company. They're making big decisions. With AI, they need more GPUs which is graphics processing units. These graphics processing units do the same task over and over and over again. They're like the workers. Do this test over and over again. They're computing pixels, running the same exact formulas over and over and over again at the same time, okay? So the best way I can think of it is a CPU, if you give it a large task, a large number of large tasks, it'll run each of those tasks sequentially. A GPU will run the same task, big task, the same way all at the same time. From my understanding, the GPUs were originally made for video games. They were originally made for video games. But because we're using these large language models and it's predicting the next word, it can run all of these simultaneous at the same time, okay? And so all of a sudden, hey, now we got a whole GPU economy in WALK's Nvidia. This is how Nvidia goes from zero to hero overnight. Oh, y'all need our little gaming chips. Y'all need a snack. Okay, we gonna charge our luck and we wanna see that at the table, okay? So this is how it works and this is why data centers are very important because these GPUs need a place to live in order to make these calculations. All right, we'll come back to that in a minute. Okay, now we're gonna start talking about some numbers. Again, I'm just setting the table for everything that we're talking about right now, okay? Still setting the table. Now we're gonna talk about some numbers. So we're gonna throw around a lot of numbers, billions, trillions. And I know most of you know the difference between billions and trillions, but some of you literally cannot process it. So I'm going to give you an analogy. One million seconds, seconds, tick, tick, tick, tick, is 11 days. One billion seconds is 31.7 years. One trillion seconds is 31,700 years. So if you have a million dollars in seconds, you got 11 days. If you have a trillion dollars in seconds, you have 31,000 years. I just want you to understand the difference, specifically because we're not gonna be talking about millions. We're gonna be talking about billions and we're gonna be talking about trillions. Specifically the difference between billions and trillions. 31,000 years, 31,000, I'm sorry, 31 years, 31,000 years, okay? Yeah, you surprised me with that one. I didn't know you was gonna bring that up, but I did that same calculation for Elon Musk. I was trying to figure out how much is it? Yeah, his net worth. Like you said, his net worth, he could spend a dollar a second every day. And still not. It would say like $37,000 before he exhausted, I mean, 37,000 years, excuse me, before he exhausted all his money, a dollar every second of the day. Yes. It's crazy. Yes. So, such is life. Okay. One of the things that I wanted to put into context around all of this, because let me just share what my thesis around this whole thing is. And I've been saying this to you guys for a very long time, that the US economy is putting all of its eggs into the AI basket. And we, it is not profitable yet. We talked about this last week, you were not here. We talked about this last week with the SpaceX conversation. And we talked about how it's, the business model is not proven yet. Right? Business model not proven yet. And we're putting all our eggs into this basket. And in this particular episode, as we look at this chart that Michael Burry posted, we're going to see that like, this whole thing is completely irresponsible. All right. So I want to give you a number, 2.3 trillion. There is no way to really calculate this number of how much money has been invested into AI. Right now is no hard, fast rule, but the best number that I can calculate is 2.3 trillion dollars has been invested into AI up until this very moment. It's hard to calculate this because you got to break out VC versus infrastructure versus just so many different things. Y'all can see how it could be double counting, not double counting, but the best way I can come up with it is somewhere between 2 and 3 trillion dollars has been invested into AI. All right. With that being said, as of today, the annual return, this is also a very difficult number to come up with. But just if y'all trust my brain, trust that I did the best that I could come up with. As of today, we're only making, not we, not we, their AI company is only making about $500 billion in revenue annually. Okay. Okay. Real quick, this is a great moment. This is why you need to be on our newsletter list. I break everything down. If you are a regular viewer of this show and on the newsletter, please let them know how much I break it all down in the newsletter. You need to get the full picture. Some of y'all understand things better when you read it and you see the outline. I know the show is entertaining and I'm giving y'all a game, but I really give a full game away in the newsletter. Go to the link down below, sign up for the newsletter. It is absolutely free. Sign up right now. As of today, AI company is only making about $500 billion in revenue annually. Okay. Okay. So annually, are they spending the same or greater amount of money to- They're spending so much money it don't even make sense. I don't want to get into the spending. So annually, they're going into the black each year right now. Red. I mean, so annually right now they're going into the red each year. They're going to the red every year right now with AI, but that's not anything new. To give you some context, the railroad industry when that all blew up, they were going into the red for about 20 years before it became profitable and then it did. So like when you have these big overhauls of infrastructure, you got to understand it, it's going to be in the red for a while. But the problem with this is, the big problem, so with railroad you immediately knew what the benefit is. Like we can get across the country in a matter of days. We don't got to buy horses. You know, rubber organ trail, you probably don't, you're way too younger for me. But the game organ trail, like we don't got to caulk our wagons and get all them diseases. Like, okay, we can get on the train. Goods can be transported. Like there's so many benefits for it. With AI, what are the benefits? The only thing they keep saying is going to push humanity forward. And this is a similar conversation to like make America great again. Great, like what? You're not giving me no context, pushing the world forward, humanity forward, towards what? Are we doing bad? If you want to know if we are doing bad, let's list out the things that we're doing bad. AI is not attacking them. Racism, hatred, war, AI is not helping any of those things. So what are you telling me that it's pushing humanity towards? Space exploration? We want to go into, like if this is what AI is for, to get us into space, y'all have proven that y'all getting out of the firmament yet for real for. I don't know if that little slingshot mission to run a moon, but they did the other day. Don't cause no trouble in the comments. Oh, of course no trouble. Everybody got different views. All right, so let's just let them decide the fact that they went to the moon the first time. I'm not trying to convince y'all that they didn't. I'll just be having fun with my conspiracy. You know, my dude trying to get people to live on Mars about like in 20 years. Your dude, Eli. Too bad you weren't here last week when we talked about Eli. I can't say it. Eli made me a little money. I don't want to talk about that. Too bad you were not here last week. I was like, Brandon gone. Wish he was here for this episode. Cause I, I threw at Eli a new one and it was Darren a new one in the comments. He had nobody to defend him. You were not here to defend him. So okay, what are we pushing humanity towards? Like real at, I need to know, let me know in the chat. Where are we pushing humanity towards? What is AI pushing humanity towards furthering us? I mean, you've been saying that for a while about the uncertainty of AI, but it is very clear and concise when you put it like that about the railroads. Like, yeah, we built in the railroads and we know exactly what we're going to do with these. What are y'all, what are y'all? It's just a lot of speculation. Just a lot of, it could do this. This is what could happen. That's my whole argument. This is completely irresponsible. You know what this reminds me of? The best analogy I can think of. You know what this reminds me of? What? This, this is going to be a crazy analogy, but this is the best analogy I can think of. Imagine a girl coming of age. She's 21, 22, 23, beautiful, beautiful. She's smart, but she is blossoming into a beautiful young woman. I mean, like very beautiful, right? And so her mom realizes that like, you're not focusing on college. You're not trying to get a job, but instead all you're focusing on is makeup, hair, nails, partying, the next dude. And mom is like, why are you focusing on trying to get this next dude, a rich man? You're trying to make all these trappings to get a rich man. When you're so smart, you could be going to school. And she says to mom, yeah, but if I get a rich man to take care of me, I don't have to work. And then mom is like, yeah, but like that's the probability of that is so low. Like you're living in a fantasy world. Yeah, we hear stories about rich men sweeping young, beautiful women off of their feet. It happens. Let's not act like it don't happen. But would you want for your daughter to put all her eggs into the basket of some benevolent man coming along and sweeping her off her feet in this fairy tale story? Or would you rather her say, you know what, let me focus on this. If I get a man, that's great, but I got my degree. I got the this, I got the dad. I'm learning how to invest from Nicole. I'm saving up my money to invest in Nicole's fund. I joined Nicole's program. Yes, I bought Nicole's book. I bought Nicole's book, there you go. I'm like back to it. Okay. I bought Nicole's book. Like would you rather your daughter say that or do you want her to just like literally only focus on getting her plastic surgeries, getting her injections, getting all this for this future, that if it works out, it's so like, yeah, take care of my daughter. But at the end of the day, for real, for show, got no power. If you want to leave her, show got no power. Cause AI, if AI decides that it wants to revolt and take care, you know, go against this, we got the problem of hallucinations. They have not figured out the hallucination problem at all yet. I don't know if you see Starbucks just had to turn their AI thing off. They spent a whole bunch of money on AI turned it off because it was mislabeling things. And it did a whole bunch of errors that cost them like a whole bunch of money. I didn't see that. They have not solved this hallucination problem. It's a huge, it's been a big problem for 20 years when early versions of AI, you know, just regular programming. It's always been, is hallucination always been a problem? Okay. Right now it's even more of a problem. Y'all, you know, y'all be having conversations with chat. And then you look, you be like, I can't say that. Mm-hmm. Right? And then chat be wrong sometimes. That's what I'm saying. It'd be hallucinating. You look like, I didn't, what, why are you saying this? I didn't say that I said, like, why are you, where are you getting this information from? Right? Okay. So in this analogy, who is the young girl? You saying like the market, the investors? The young girl is America putting all its eggs into this AI basket. Into this idea that the world is going to be this way that Elon painted in the S1. Maybe Elon is casting the vision. I don't know. I don't know. What are y'all trying to get at? Describe which I want to get at. Y'all not. Nobody's describing why are we overdoing this? Because you want to push humanity forward. Forward in what way? Right. Explain. It's like, make America great again. In what way? I'm not mad at, whatever it is, if you want something to be great, in what way? You're not explaining. Y'all got some weird thing y'all know. We know what we need. I don't explain it. I need it met out. In what way? Yeah. In what way make, push humanity forward. I don't think AI can get us off the planet in Mars. That's just me. And if you think AI can do it, in what way? Explain it today, right now. And why do we need to leave? Because this thing is real abundant. Earth is real abundant unless, oh, y'all messing it up. Y'all want me to that? Because y'all still don't want to, who messing it up? Let's go get the person that's messing it up. Because then we don't need to leave. But y'all want to do that. You know who messing it up? AI. AI is messing it up. Okay. That's the same thing they're supposed to say, but it's destroying us. But that's another, you know. That's actually super deep. Let's move on with the topic, but that's like super, super, super, deeper fruit for thought. It goes back to my point. This is irresponsible of what we're doing. Okay. So back to what I was saying. $2.3 trillion that is a estimate, very difficult to capture. How much money has been invested into AI right now? Okay. Right now, AI is only bringing in $500 billion in revenue. Again, also very difficult. In order for AI to be a good ROI, here are some numbers that it needs to bring in. Okay. I'm going to read off some notes that I have. I normally like to just spit off things from the brain, but these are a bunch of numbers. I'm gonna read off some notes that I have. Okay. Let's only talk about profit. Right? Remember, your profit is your revenue minus your expenses. In order to justify this, we have three different scenarios. At 8% return means that it needs a 184 billion in profit. 10% return means it needs a 230 billion in profit. 15% return means it needs 345 billion in profit. Right. Okay. Now we're going to take the middle number of profit, 230 billion in profit annually. Now, in order to get that profit, you need to understand what your margins are. Okay. So your margin is your total revenue to your profit. So if your margin is, let's start with 30%, let's say 30% of your revenue is pure profit. In order to get to that, the number has to be 767 billion in revenue. We're only at 500 billion in revenue. Okay. Now let's be more conservative and say a 15% margin. In order to make that 230 in profit, now we talking about 1.5 trillion in revenue. We're only at 500 billion. Okay. Now, if we're talking a 10% margin, which is probably more realistic, and let me tell you why it's more realistic, because all of these different companies, XAI, OpenAI, Anthropic, they all do the same thing as a commodity. When you have an industry or you have a product that's doing the same thing, now it's a race to the bottom in prices. Y'all compete in prices. Guess what? If OpenAI decided to say, hey, we got that service for $18, and Claude is at $20, guess what? Everybody going to OpenAI. So, because it's a race to the bottom, anytime you're in an industry, then you are a commodity, offering the same service, your margins are going to be thin. Perfect example is if you have a trucking business. Trucking businesses, margins are thin, because guess what? I don't care how you get it here. Your premium customer service, your drivers is fine. That don't mean nothing to me. You can't do anything, unless you can get it here quicker. Guess what? Trucks can go but so fast. Drivers have laws about how fast they can go. Every single trucking business is a commodity. Margins is mad thin. Their margins be like 3%, 6% for the profitability of the company. And that's just what it is. Shout out to the truckers though, man. Y'all keep doing y'all things. Y'all keep doing y'all things. I need my beauty products. I need, what else do I need? I need a whole lot of things. Everything, that's what I'm trucking. Especially you MSI people need the chicken. You need the chickens. I ain't eating chicken no more. That's a whole other conversation. I've been, you know, I was a vegetarian for 20 years and then I dipped back out and ate a whole. Nicole said the chicken's not real y'all. She said the chicken's not real. I don't wanna talk about that conversation. My brain started going super left. I'm not gonna go left. Let's stay focused because finally getting that handle on the numbers. Okay. All right. 10% margin, which is probably more like what it will, where the dust will settle. 10% margin. Guess how much it has to bring in revenue in order to justify, in order to justify that profit of $230 billion. 2.3 trillion annual revenue. Okay. Right now we're at 500 billion. We have a bunch of problems with that. Number one, for real, for real again, because AI, what are we moving towards? We don't necessarily need it. So this is why all of the AI, the messaging is you need it. They're trying to convince people that you need it because we need you to buy it more. And the reality is God gave us an amazing machine already. An amazing machine. Okay. The other thing is, we're gonna come around to this in a minute, the companies, it's not proven to be as profitable for the companies as everybody thought. Case in point, Starbucks. Because of these large, because it's a large language model, the way that it works, and it's based on GPUs, is running all these calculations and they haven't fixed the hallucination problem. They have not been able to get to 0% error. Okay. So it doesn't necessarily work. This is why they wanna get to AGI. This is why they wanna give AI sentience. Because once AI has sentience, it can get halfway through the problem. Oh man, I messed up, let me go back and fix it. Oh man, if I do it this way, I can do it that way. They got GPU and CPU all rolled up in one. I can run zeros and ones at the same time. And neither. That's what quantum computing is if you don't know. It's a zero and one at the same time. Superposition. And neither. I know. Listen. That's what your brain can do. Yeah. You don't realize your brain is a quantum computer. It can run scenarios, zeros, one at the same. You don't even realize it's doing this. And it's trying to duplicate it. That's a whole another conversation for a whole another day. Okay, cool. We're nowhere near what it needs to be. Okay. And so I'll present this later, but the really only two solutions right now to make this thing profitable is one, government have to pour money into it. Only way governments can pour money into it is to justify it through mass surveillance, using it through mass surveillance and war. Because right now we don't really need it as a society. Okay. So the government is like, you know, I got this AI stuff, we can do mass surveillance with it. Guess what? We can do more and more efficiently with it. I'll give you the money. You got to figure it rest out. You got to figure out how to convince these people to give you, you need more money. You got to figure out how to convince these people that they need it. So they're all going around saying, you need to y'all saw the graduation speech that we're doing was like, AI is here, it's nothing you can do about it. So they're booing them. He was like, it's here, it's nothing you can do about it. I feel like the AI thing is, it's kind of like, I'm gonna use my own analogy since you had George earlier, it's kind of like a individual who's good at a lot of things, right? But they don't have a niche. Let's say a kid who grows up, one kid is just good at football only. That's all he's good at. He can't do nothing else. Let's say the other kid, he's average at all these things, right? Well, let's say a little bit above average. He's good at football, basketball, he can swim, he can hit a baseball, but he doesn't. So nobody really knows what he can do, right? Because he can kind of do a trickle of a play through of things. Here's the thing though, I'm gonna tell you why that's not a perfect analogy and why humans are far superior. Because even that kid that only knows how to play football, he can take those skills and football and apply it to anything new in life. True. AI can't do that. Once you bring what it knows into new context, that's when it starts to break. They haven't figured that part out yet. I know so many people. That's why, I think we may have talked about this or I don't know, athletes, people who play sports at a high level and not talking about like in any league or anything. Like you played in college or you played in high school. They end up making 10% more than an average person. So you can't necessarily do that analogy you can do it with anything. Usually when someone goes deep in a topic, they then have context to apply it. They can take the underlying principles and apply it. Some people struggle with it a little more than other people, but like we have the ability to contextualize new things using our current frameworks. AI has not figured out how to do that. They haven't figured out why they want artificial general intelligence. That is what you have. They have not figured it out. They were trying to say that chat GPT-5 was going to be it. Now, I think that they figured it out. They got a locked in a tube somewhere, heavily guarded. I think they figured it out. There's another conversation for why I think they figured it out, but it's completely irrelevant. It's totally a conspiracy. Don't write this, don't send it home. You know, don't write home about it. Don't be like, of course. They figured it out. I just be having fun with my conspiracy. Okay. So like I said, it's similar to railroads in terms of a revolution in a sense of, hey, we're investing all this money. Is there a guaranteed return? We do not know, but we know what it could be. But the difference is they don't, they're not painting a picture. And I guess they rely on Elon to paint this picture. And like even like, Brooke, what are you talking about? We don't need that. Unless y'all, y'all have told us something. Did y'all really have to stand up? We don't need to do all this. We don't need a million satellites in the air. I do want to outline just as a quick aside about the AI economy, right? When we're thinking about AI, we're talking about GPUs or whatever. But keep in mind, there's a larger economy here we're talking about the building. We already know data centers and these big massive data centers, semiconductors, electricity, private credit, infrastructure financing. We've got transformers, substations, networking, backup generators and fiber connections. And I'm sure a host of other things. But we're still going to get to this picture. I want you to think about those are all the other things that need to be invested to support these purchases of large amounts of GPUs or any type of semiconductor. All right? Okay, on to the Michael Burry picture. All right, so what I want to also say is what I'm going to share is I'm going to try to explain his theories as much as possible. I'll share where I agree with him. I don't necessarily disagree with him, but I also want to say that this is all opinion and you can agree not, I don't care. But we're about to tie this all together in terms of the private credit stuff, right? So like everyone's looking at all these things in silos. And I think one of the things that you should be getting from this show is nothing is in a silo. Everything is all interconnected. Do not look at, oh, this is happening over here. And it doesn't affect this. All of it is all interconnected. Okay? All right. So essentially what he's saying in the first thing that he's saying in this diagram is number one, if AI is so good, why does it need this complex financial structure? Complex financial infrastructure. This is how he called out 2008 because he saw that this is a complex financial infrastructure. Anytime you see this, and I told y'all this before, complexity is there to confuse you. Anytime you see a product or a service has a complex financial infrastructure such as this one that should be a red sign because if something makes money, it's simple. And that's getting money back. Why do we gotta have 17 different layers? We talked about that when we talked about how this economy was set up, this economy is set up. Everything is complex to confuse you or backstabs for the backstabs for the backstabs for the backstabs. It may not be designed specifically to confuse you. I think there is an element of that as well. But the backstabs for the backstabs for the backstabs for the backstabs for the backstabs. And it creates this whole layer of opacity. Okay? All right. So first things first is he's basically saying the US retiree, because we talked about the retirement system. The US retiree is investing. He chose one lane. They're investing in annuities. All right? They're buying annuities supposed to be fixed and indexed. We're gonna come back to index because I have a whole problem with indexing right now as well. That's just my personal opinion. Hey, real quick, if you don't like the fact that you have no control over your retirement, what I want you to do is research this company called I Trust. They allow you to take retirement money and invest in different things. Like crypto, you have a little bit more control using a vehicle called a self-directed IRA. If you go down below, do a little research on them, and you decide to open up account. If you use my link, they will give you $100 directly into your account so that you can invest in your retirement using one of their accounts. So go down to my link down below and set up your account with I Trust. The US retiree is investing. He chose one lane. They're investing in annuities. All right? They're buying annuities supposed to be fixed and indexed. We're gonna come back to index because I have a whole problem with indexing right now as well. That's just my personal opinion. Okay, fix it and index. They're buying a theme, US, that is the insurance company. Okay? A theme then takes that and puts it into reinsurance. We've talked about reinsurance on this channel as well. I'll post the link to that down below and how it works. They're basically taking the money and then reinsurance to another company and saying, hey, you guys invested. And typically reinsurance is based offshore. For this instance is Bermuda, or 90% sure in this instance is Bermuda. And the reason is because less regulations down there. Insurance companies can get a little bit more funkier. It's also a layer of opacity. You don't really know what's going on. This is why in the private credit industry, they, the treasury has been meeting with insurance companies to talk about their offshore reinsurance because we don't know what's going on and we need to understand what the exposure is for this very reason because now insurance and reinsurance is owned by private equity. They are taking that money and investing it into Apollo, which is a fund. Now, Apollo is has very close ties to a theme. It actually helps set up a theme. Okay, Apollo then took, they take the money and they create this vehicle. There is a vehicle that houses independent specific products. In this instance is Valor. Valor is financing chip purchases. And we're talking about, remember I told you about the GPUs. All right, they're financing chip purchases going to XAI, the purchases from NVIDIA. But NVIDIA owns equity into this vehicle, but they're supplying the chips. Okay, so really the chips are owned by Valor. So the debt money comes from Apollo, which came indirectly, we show how it came from retirees into insurance, into Apollo, into this vehicle, Valor, part of it is debt. The other part comes from equity investment NVIDIA to buy NVIDIA's chips. And so then the chips are leased to XAI. Very complex. Right. So guess where the money come from now? Retirees. So whether you realize it or not, in your retirement, and like I said, this is only one way that this is coming from, he just chose annuities from retirees. But guess what? This money also comes in different avenues from indexes. And guess what? The advice has always been, I don't worry about it, just put it in the index fund. Now what I wanna talk to y'all about is index funds. Now hopefully you understood that. If you've got any questions, let me know down in the chat. Do you have any questions? Cause I wanna really dig into this right now. No, I do wanna say one thing. Say it. My only concern is hypothetically, right? Would they say AI is supposed to take, I don't know, over 50% of white college jobs away and things like that. Where is that retiree money coming from after AI wipes out all these jobs? Like where are the 401ks? That's why this is so irresponsible. Because it doesn't make sense on the front end and it don't make sense on the back end. And let's give the analogy about the girl, right? This don't make sense on the front end. But let's live inside of your fantasy world that you got a couple of Johns on the hook. They're so nice and they're so benevolent and they wanna take care of you cause you're beautiful. But this plan don't make sense on the back end because guess what happens when you age? He don't want you no more. What you gonna do then? You're not thinking about that. You age, you have a baby. Guess what? You got good genes right now. You ain't got to go to the gym to maintain that body. Now you're over saying you got to go to the gym? See I'm lucky I always get a fat gene. So before I had JD I had to work out. So when I had JD I had to work out. This is the way of life for me. You see the skinny girl from high school she was a cold piece that have a baby lose it gone. Cause she didn't ever have the discipline to be able to do it. And I say she can't develop it. But she didn't have the discipline. So this is a bad plan on the back end because guess what also is a bad plan on the back end because like what if homeboy go broke? You don't got no skills. He don't got no skills. What you just gonna be sitting there broke talking about the olden days? Can't do nothing. This is the same thing. This is not a good plan on the front end and this is not a good plan on the back end. Okay y'all, y'all coming up with a system to suck money from or I'm gonna call liquidity harvesting cause we talked about transferring liquidity. This is a phrase that I wanna use. I'm making it up cause I say strong things like they wanna take your liquidity away from you. We're not gonna say that. It's called liquidity harvesting. They're harvesting your liquidity. What happens because y'all keep saying mass layoffs and I don't like that because this thing hasn't even proven to be able to allow people to do layoffs. They've been doing some layoffs but we're getting the data back to find out hmm this might not even work the way y'all wanted to work. And so they're saying mass layoffs as a wink, wink way to make promises to CEOs. It's almost like, oh mass layoffs. Like I saw a clip of Sam Altman cause he was way younger or he looked way younger. Maybe he just aged a whole lot but he was talking about AI. He was like one of the beauties, he said it in such a, he used very specific positive term. One of the beautiful things that I look forward to is mass layoffs. He said something like that. I'm gonna leave a little pause right here to post the clip. Happy to say that I am convinced that the job destruction in the next couple of decades is going to be massive. Like honestly, one of the things that I struggle with by getting out of the bed every morning is that like my job is to help people destroy jobs. Like how are billions of people going to replace the meaning they got from work with whatever they're gonna fill their time with. And I think this is like, this is the number one challenge in the technology. Okay, so yeah, this is what he said. And so I feel like that is a way, that's part of the messaging that they're doing to say to CEOs like, invest in us because we're gonna allow you to do mass layoffs. You don't have to worry about these fickle things called humans. They cost me problems, they cost me HR problems. Right, okay, cool. It's a problem on the front end and the back end. It's not a, the way that you're going about this, I'm not saying don't have AI. It helps, it is a tool. But the way that you're going about this, this is irresponsible. It doesn't look good on the front end, doesn't look good on the back end. What, how are you gonna keep getting the money for this liquidity harvesting? If we have mass layoffs, what's the plan? That was your question and I answered the question. All right, now we're going to talk about indexing. All right, I have so much to say about this. First thing, I'm gonna get the soft thing, I'm gonna scold some of you really quickly. We wanna talk about two specific indexes, S&P and NASDAQ. They are both for two different things. The S&P is supposed to be a broad representation of the economy. It's supposed to, hey, by the S&P, this represents, this is a small pie, piece of the pie of the whole economy. And the only reason that you should invest in the S&P, if that's what it is, is if you think that the American economy is going to continue to grow. And that is a very noble thing. I'm not saying don't think that, I'm not saying that at all. We love the possibility of the American economy growing, for sure, for sure. So if you believe that, that is when you invest in the S&P because it is a basket of goods that represents, should be a basket of stocks that should represent the economy as a whole. It does not, but that is the goal. We'll come back to that in a minute. The NASDAQ says something very different. NASDAQ says we're taking the top 100 companies, NASDAQ 100, taking the top 100 large cap companies. That's it. You're not supposed to be, so here's the thing about the S&P, it's supposed to be diversification. That's what that's supposed to represent. NASDAQ, we're not saying diversification. We're saying large companies. There's another thing I almost forgot to say. 100 large non-financial companies. So you invest in the NASDAQ if you are saying, hey, I would like to invest in the 100 large cap non-financial growth companies. That is also a very normal thing to do. But, so most of you for your retirement, or you're indexing because you feel like I'm gonna diversify, but I wanna tell you something. You're also the same people that'd be liking to post when they say no data centers. Guess what? S&P is 30% tech companies, which is mostly AI. So how can you say no data centers? Oh my God, it's so bad what they're doing to the people in Mississippi or whatever. That's so bad. Kevin O'Leary wants the data centers. But you just sitting there and you letting your retirement sit in 30% of it, guess what? In AI, which one you want? And so you wanna be willful ignorance. I'm not saying you're not you. We love you, you're here. Not y'all. Not y'all. Your cousin. Feel convicted if you want to. We'll get you. Your cousin. Your silly cousin. Feel convicted if you want to. Your silly cousin. What you got to see with these data centers? AI is so bad. But your silly cousin just letting it sit in the index. And meanwhile 30% of it is S&P is in AI. That's where you putting your money. You gotta make up your mind which one you wanna do. You wanna fight this thing or what? Or you just wanna do not care. That's okay, do not care. You can do the saying that allows you to not care is that's not my ministry. Sometimes it's not your ministry. Some of y'all is healing people. Y'all doing open heart surgery. Y'all selling the medical devices that do the open heart surgery. Y'all picking up the trash from the medical center to do the open heart surgery. Without you, we would be nowhere. That's your ministry. It is okay for this not to be your ministry but don't act like it's your ministry and you do nothing. Which one you wanna do? Okay. Let's talk about the NASDAQ. This word really gets crazy. Guess how much of the NASDAQ is in tech? 50 to 60%. And guess what? We talked about this last week. They're making changes to the rules to make it be more. To make it be more. But here's what the problem is. Now again, I told you NASDAQ is not trying to be a broad representation of the economy. Okay, so keep that in mind. Here's what the problem is. The US economy, the GDP is not 30% tech referencing the S&P. It's not 30% tech. So you're indexing to diversify. That's not really a diversification. It doesn't really represent what it's supposed to. Actually the opposite, huh? It's concentration. Bingo. And then y'all wanna be like, just index it and sit down. No. You know what it is? It is liquidity harvesting. Very, very intentional liquidity harvesting. Sold to you as diversification. I like the way you brought that point out. I did. I ate with that one. I like the way you brought that back. I ate with that one. I really did. I'm very proud of myself. Cause that was off the dough. I see what you did there. I did, I did, I ate. But no, that's exactly what it is though. Like the NAS is the top 100 and then like the top eight. Is it eight or what is it? The wonderful, the magnificent seven. I think it's eight now. They're trying to make magnificent nine cause they can put open AI in there. They go and put space-exonere. It counts for the most weight of the NAS deck. I wanna say like, I wanna say something crazy. I just told you it's, oh, just the seven. Just the seven. Just the seven is, yeah, I can't remember how much it is. 25 to 30%. Yeah, I think it's like close to 30%. Like, don't break, but yes, the big difference is seven, but the all of tech is 50 to 60%. That's crazy. Our economy is literally only about 10% tech. That's crazy. This is why I say, now hopefully you all see this picture even clearer. This is why I say invest in small local businesses because they are not, they are underrepresented in terms of, they're under, they're underrepresented in terms of investment vehicles. So therefore it is cheaper, but they make up the portion of the economy that the NAS deck and the S&P is not accounting for. So they have, it's just as much viable as an investment opportunity as this other stuff. I was about to call it nonsense, but I don't feel like, as this other stuff, cause I don't feel like fighting with y'all who making a whole bunch of money. He came in here and said today, I made a whole bunch of money off of what? Which one did you say you made a whole bunch of money off of? Tesla. Tesla, as a tech company. So I only trade tech. I only trade the NAS. That's the only thing I trade all things inside the NAS. Okay. But, but. I guess the Tesla would be consumerized. We'll go ahead. Tesla is just a whole other, that's just. I know that's your bestie. All right, let's keep going. Hold on, unless you have something, do you have something important that you wanna say? Okay. All right. Okay, I'll place it back in there. All right. All right. So now that we've had that conversation about harvesting liquidity, I want you to be very, very mindful that harvesting liquidity is always, when you talk about following the money, when you start seeing complex financing structures like this one, this is just a vehicle to harvest liquidity anytime you see it. And that is what he saw with subprime mortgages in 2008. Complex financing structures to finance something that should be relatively simple. Mortgages, if this is profitable, mortgages, you buy money. Here you go. You made my money for the money. Very simple. Why do we have complexity on complexity? Backstabs for backstabs for backstabs for backstabs. Something is being, and so he says, this is Fugazi. Y'all don't have a real need for these GPUs. Y'all haven't figured it out yet. If you got financing for the financing from the front, from the back, from the side, from the side, from the side, from the side, and y'all got these circular financing structures, there is no demand for it. This is why they're going on the podcast, telling you that this thing will change your life. There is no real demand for it yet. The government can fund but so much. But guess what? Y'all got to figure out. Y'all have to figure out in the next, let's say they got a window of 20 years, like the railroads, y'all got to figure out in the next 20 years, because, hey, guess what? Like I said, they invested 2.3 trillion. They're not done anymore. They need more. So y'all got to figure out in the next 20 years how to get this thing to, they probably have way more sophisticated modeling than what I did. So we need, I don't know, 2.3 trillion, not factoring in inflation, in revenue to go back to these companies every year, how are we going to do it? We have to convince you to consume it. We have to. What's really going to end up happening, let's say they do end up doing it, we're going to end up having it. And this is how it's going to end up being a real problem, because it can really, from economies of scale, it can really only be one company, because too much competition for the same product is going to drive the margins down so low. What do you mean we say it can only be one? You can only have one. So there are certain companies, like there's something called economies of scale, where after something scales to a certain point, you get this darn near singularity, right? Amazon, right? Amazon delivers all these packages with this big warehouse. Their margins are probably already thin, because they got a factor in transportation to get this stuff to you. What if another company came along and did the same thing, was just as big as Amazon? Neither one of them would be profitable. And market can't sustain it. Well, what about like a, I don't know, like an Apple and, what's the competitor, Samsung? Aren't they competitors? Aren't they really competitors? I mean, they go back and forth. They've been going back and forth for the last couple of years as far as, as far as. Apple was the first trillion dollar valuation company. Samsung, where they at? You talking about specifically with the phone? Okay, yeah, more people have it, but guess what? Apple, they have prices, because y'all can't do this. You got me. You got me there. I only was thinking of the cell phone, but then I had to think of Apple, the actual, yeah. Right, y'all don't have this whole entire infrastructure. Y'all can't do this. Another one of this cannot exist. There are certain industries that, and this is how they be skating by with antitrust. Like, hey, for the greater good, it has to be a monopoly. We have to have a monopoly on this thing. So is it safe to say that companies now are in a race to the top? What is AI a race to? They're in a race to be the most dominant for sure, but how you gonna take it? How you gonna, right now, how they gonna take each other out? How you gonna take out Elon? Anthropic, anthropic is. Because everybody doing the same thing, Microsoft, Microsoft, Nvidia, everybody. We talk about in terms of the supply and the semiconductors and the chips. TSM, like, everybody on the same wave right now. This is why the girl, oh, you wanna be sexy, is a lot of, somebody turn 18 every day, sis. You wanna be competing with her? Somebody turn, so a baddie turn, 60, 18 every day. Every minute. Let's say 21, 18. 21, sorry. A baddie turn 21 every day. You got proud with 18. He's like, I don't know if I can take my head to that. I don't want another baby. Turn 21 every day, though, you know? Okay, I know that I left a bunch of open loops on this episode, but I wanna move along because I wanna talk about what you can do about it, specifically what you need to do about it. I have a question for you, though, for the comment section. Go ahead while I'm looking at it. What do you all believe AI can come into your life and make your life better than what it already is right now? I like that question. Yeah, yeah, so we're believing this narrative of pushing humanity forward, specifically for your life. How do you think that AI can be better? And if you can't come up with an answer, then maybe it can't. Okay, all right, that's a good question. Let me know in the chat. For me, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna make up something, I'm gonna say, I will say this. I've been a content machine because I'm a thinker, and I really do think of myself as a philosopher. I've been a content machine before AI was born, okay? I was able, I've always been able to, it's just a gift of mine, being able to think things through and make frameworks. What AI has done for me is helped me be able to crank out my ideas quicker, right? And so like one of our members, he calls the newsletter, shout out to all of y'all who want a newsletter. He calls it the news book because it belongs. But yo, y'all be reading it and I'm really grateful. And everything in the newsletter is my original ideas, okay? Everything. And I'm just a nerd that way. I don't really like cheating, but AI does help me. I'm also a typo queen. I won the gold in the 2008 Olympics for a typo. I took hold of the gold. I did not know he was going with that. I am a typo champ. I'm such a typo champion that I will see it, I will type a text. Texting us that she see the typo and leave it and be like, they know me. Yeah, yeah, you did that. The first week I came through, you would just type it away. I was like, yeah, yeah. Just leave it there. Check, no me about it. Let it go, you'll get it. You can figure it out. Chat knows me. I think we was typing something together and I'm like, Ash, do you like that? That's as gibberish. Don't, chat knows what I mean. Because of that, it is allowed. That is my one thing that I'm really, really grateful for. It has allowed me to get my ideas out quicker, but they are my ideas. Let me know your ideas in the chat. For me, it's allowed me to separate loosely quoted facts from opinions, right? So when I'm having conversations or when I'm trying to explain something from a non-opinionated base, then I can fact check myself if that makes sense. But here's the thing. And this is what I hope we see in these comments is that these things that we're making, that we like about it, in terms of moving humanity forward, right? It's helping me to get my ideas out more efficiently. It's helping you to be more accurate and not make so many mistakes, which is very important. Is this worth depleting our planet? No. Guess what? You were living just fine stating every 10 facts is wrong. I was living just fine, typoing myself away. Right, I would agree. So is it worth it? Okay, cool. Let me know that in the chat. Ooh, double edged question. Is it worth your answer? What is doing mass layoffs? What can it do? Ruinin' the planet is the thing that your benefit from AI is it worth it. That's what I was saying about being responsible. Homegirl, we gonna call homegirl. Kaelin. Kaelin? Let's call her Kaelin. Trying to come up with a unisex name. Not a unisex name, unicultural name, like cross cultures. Okay, Kaelin. You can get the handsome husband, the handsome rich husband who loves you and all these things. You can focus all your attention on your looks to get this man with all the trappings. But is it going to be worth it? Because now you've lost your purpose in life. Your purpose is never just your spouse. You always have a larger purpose. Unless your spouse has a big dream and your dream is to support. You know, you're here to specifically support them. You know, and even then that takes a lot of discernment to be able to decide whether there's something you wanna do. You've given up your purpose in life. You've given up your leverage, because now that man technically owns you. You tell you what to do, where to go, where to come. You don't know what he's gonna do after y'all get married. They'd be so great when he get married. Next thing you know, like I'm a prisoner in my own home. Yes, a mess of no. Yes. Whatever it is you like. Burt like a dog, a big dog. Hop on one day. They coming to America. Yeah, exactly. Then you gotta also say dang Brandon, you don't know how long we've been at it you. Making noise like an orangutan. All right, all right, cool, cool, cool. One thing I wanna get into is what companies are finding too about AI. This last thing I wanna go before, we talk about what you can do about it. What companies are finding about AI is that the costs are not substitutive. Meaning, hey, this AI costs me $20 a month versus you that costs me $80,000 a year. It's not substitutive, it's additive. So what they are finding is that AI, the best use of AI is it's amplifying already human jobs. So it's now more of a cost. It's additive. We just both gave an example. Hey, this thing is not replacing me, it's just making me do my job better. It's not, you're not, that's what it's being sold as. This is a replacement. It's not a replacement. Now we got more job costs. Cause now we need to come and teach people how to implement it. We gotta, they're not getting the $20 version. They gotta build out models that's specific to their business. They gotta do this, they gotta do that, they gotta do this, they gotta do that. And now it's costing us more. I still gotta pay Joe Simmons $80,000. But that goes back to what you said earlier about the ultimate goal of what they're trying to do with the AGI. Who does? We ain't there yet, you haven't figured it out. They ain't got it yet. They are not God. At all. You're not even close. Unless it's in the cube, locked away somewhere. Okay? Heavily guarded. Let's talk about what you can do about it. I did something real fancy for y'all. Now what I wanna say to y'all is what I'm about to share with you is very rudimentary. Do not go and use this as a Bible. I got this idea in the very last minute before we hit record, so it is very rudimentary. First, before I tell you what it is, I'm gonna give you the percentages of the index breakdown that most likely would, a good amount of your retirement is invested in. Okay? All right. S&P, which is supposed to be diversification, is 35% tech, 10% communications, 13% financials, and 10% healthcare, and the risk is a little bit. Okay? The NASDAQ, which again, not diversification, the largest 100 large cap non-financial companies. This is if you want to invest specifically on large cap growth, okay? Not supposed to be diversified. It is 55% tech, 15 to 20% communication, consumer goods, which is mainly Tesla and Amazon, is 15%, and then a bunch of little ones, okay? Now, what I did was a very simple prompt. Again, this is not Nicole recommending. I just want you to understand how to think, okay? If you're saying, which is what a diversified index is supposed to be saying, hey, I like the US economy, I want to diversify, here are the percentages. Housing, 15%, consumer spending, 25%, healthcare, 12%, financials, 10%, industrial, 10%, tech, 10%. The GDP is really only 10% tech. Energy, 8%, transportation, 5%, government contracts, less defense, 5%, communications, 5%, agricultural food, 3%, 2% utilities, have fun, go find some stocks that you like, that fit that, if you want to broadly represent. Again, this is very rudimentary. That was very good too. I know, I knew it like that. You ain't with that one too, huh? I didn't know, we were preparing, I was like, this is gonna be a good episode. That's what you was talking about when you was over there making. No, all of it. Y'all should have heard her. I'm ready for this. Ooh, yeah, ooh. That's all I heard of you. No, crazy thing about it is I had this idea. Shout out to my friend. I was saying, yo, we should come up with an index. Let's do an index, cause my friend is a trader. Y'all know, I really don't play the stock markets like that. I'm all about private. So here's the thing, this index, you can take this, especially if I had time, maybe we'll do this. I would take this and invest it privately. That sounds like a hot fire flames fun. Go and find companies that are healthy and allocated this way. Hot fire flames. Private small companies. Because remember, the economy is mostly small companies. Privately held small companies. Take, hey, you can either acquire them or become partners. I would rather become partners. Hey, this is my fun. It represents this index, which is a accurate representation of GDP. And we go out and invest in businesses that fit these requirements in terms of profitability, profit margin, maybe you can't say profit margin because every industry has a different benchmark for what profit margin should be. But profitability, health, these are our requirements. We go and find these companies and we take no more than a 49% stake in these companies. Because what you don't want to do is also be running the companies, right? We take a 30% stake, no more than a 30% stake in these companies. And we represented 15% of our investment will be in this and da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da. That's a fire. Now here's the thing. I'm not saying go do this. What I'm saying is it is based on the belief that you think that the American economy as a whole, the private sector, which is usually cheaper, right? In terms of value, the private sector is undervalued and you think that American economy as a whole will grow. Then you can do something like this. Or you can do this in the public stock market and say look for housing, go for the stocks. You had to do a lot of research. Remember in the past episodes on reels, I said learn how to evaluate companies, investments, run valuation models. Last week I ran a, actually I'm gonna see if we can open it back up again. So if you're on our newsletter, I have so much content. I have created so many classes because I've been doing this for so long. I've been doing this for 15 years, okay? Content or information marketing before it was a thing. I have so much content. I have literally probably over me recording myself five to 600 courses that I've made a lot of money on. Not just like, oh I just made a course and didn't sell it. I've made a lot of money on courses. I'm saying all this to say that every week I open it up for a new course. So this week, actually the course that I have, we only do it from Monday to Saturday. So the course that by the time you guys see this is called the Cage Genius System. It's a collection of eBooks that I've wrote over the past two years. I won't even call them eBooks. There are frameworks that when you realize that you know all the things but you're still not doing it, it's all of this stuff, y'all gotta get it. I only wanna offer it for a week. But last week I did a finance, a real estate finance course. I over the years I made a lot of money from this course. It is so good, it teaches you the math. But you can apply these principles to businesses. It's not just for real estate. You can apply this a four part course that teaches you I think is like 40 formulas. This is for the people that's not math people that don't understand a math. I slow walk you through it. And you have access to it forever but you only hit. So what I'll do is I will reopen this one up only available until Saturday the 7th, June 7th. So you're only gonna have two days. And then also the Cage Genius will be open until the 7th. I'm sorry. And you gotta get on the email list to see what I'm gonna be offering next week. Oh, cart open, cart close, that's it. Mic drop. Mic drop. But you have, whatever you buy, you have access to it forever. Cart open, cart close. But because we talking so much about numbers, I'll open that one back up. You can get it. The links will be down below. I only got two days, I'm sorry. If you get this after the two days, after the seven, next week I'll be selling something else. And it'll be hot fire flings. I'm gonna never offer you anything corny. I promise you. I've also had some corny stuff. Won't get it. I thought it was good and it was all, I'm not that good. It's very rare. Not gonna lie to you. I'm kidding, I'm really thinking about it. Because I don't want to make it seem like I'm perfect. Or I think I'm perfect. I can't even think of what it is. All right, that's the first thing you can do. You can figure out how to represent your own index. And it's not rocket science. The second thing I want you to do is, especially if you're going to diversify, diversify by economic drivers, not by tickers. Because that's where people get so scared on how they end up in these index that is very concentrated. Because you just see all these different ticker symbols. We're running that back one more time. This is how people get caught up in having a concentrated index that is not very diversified. Because you're looking at different tickers and you don't realize that five of the 10 tickers is the same economic driver. So diversified by economic driver, not just by ticker. Don't just say, oh, I got some over in this company. I got some over in that company. Look at what it is. Look at, if you really want to be diversified, some of you don't and I'm okay with that. I love that for you. Especially if you know you got a strategy. Listen, I'm all in on energy right now. Have fun. I don't recommend it, but I'm not mad at you. Remember, this show is to teach you how to think. Isn't the cold way the only good way? No. Have fun if you want to go all in on clothing stocks. I'm sure you have your reasons. Next thing, this is real important. Understand the difference between technology success and economic, financial, business success. Okay? AI works. Most of y'all that news about 17 times a day. Does that mean that it is business financially viable proving yet? Nobody's turning a profit. And even a profit, we didn't have the time to go and talk about this. Even a profit that's being projected right now, I think it's one of the companies up. I don't have it holding it at that time. I'll post it down below. It's projected to make a profit this quarter. But the profit is only based on some discounts that they're getting. So it ain't really profitable. None of these things are profitable, but AI does work. Okay? So understand the difference between technology success and actual economic, financial, business model success. Next one, learn how to underwrite. This is why in the profit door, in our private investor network, once a month, at least once a month, we do something called ironclad underwriting. Our community is only $97 a month. You get access to that plus so much more. Shout out to all the new members. Shout out to all the new members. And I love y'all. Hopefully they got their books by the time they see this episode. Brandon's responsible for sending y'all books. So if you've been waiting for your book, at him on Instagram, send him hate mail. Send him, call me 4 AM. Send him hate mail from afar. No, don't y'all dare send him no hate mail. Y'all can kindly give him a follow and then be like, Brandon, what's up? He did, we're all caught up by now, by the way. Give him a follow and send him some love. The next thing is audit your exposure for what you already been exposed to and if you're making changes, what you are actually being exposed to. Really pay attention to that. And last but not least, I'm gonna give y'all some advice that I've always said every day since day one. What you think I'm gonna say? Picks and shovels? Yeah! Picks and shovels? Picks and shovels, picks and shovels, picks and shovels. Because guess what? AI itself, it might not be in the black, but guess what is in the black? All the picks and shovels, people teaching courses, teaching you how to do AI. They running it up. They teaching you stupid stuff that you can ask AI how to learn. Hey AI, if I wanted to learn you, what could I do? Give me a course that would cost me $100. That's really worth $500. Give it to me right now. That's true. And AI, give it to you for $20 a month. Meanwhile, picks and shovels, people is making money off of picks and shovels, because you don't even know how to ask AI to teach you to use AI. Bar. Bar. AI need drinking water. See how you can invest in a company that's making the water drinkable? That's a whole nother thing to mess up, but. Your brand, your wheels is turning, bro. Running over there like, I love my big sister. Look, he got on his face. Cause that last thing you said was, dang. Like, yeah. I mean, you go with the picks and shovels, but shoot, like. But then what are the picks and shovels of AI? You know, like. The picks and shovels of AI is, so I gave you that whole list. Let's pull that list back up. Data centers. Listen, if you got a data center coming near you, and you know a construction company that could potentially be subbed under one of these, or if you have a construction company that could potentially be subbed, you need to be trying to figure out how you can get in and fit in. Facts. Figure out who got the government contracts or who got the contracts in that area that could potentially run that running job. Pick and shovel right there. You dropped the bar. You might have to really do a lot of research, but. Government contract. That's the bar right there. Cause that's what Donald Trump is doing. He's investing in the companies to get the government contract, giving them the government. Hello. And he going on live and tell you to invest in. Biadels. Biadels. Computer. Biadels. They're gonna be really profitable in the future. They're gonna be like something crazy. Yeah, you're gonna have to put your thinking cap on for this whole thing. I want you to ask yourself this one last question. Like I hope this cements everything that I'm saying to you. Commerce is very simple. Business is relatively simple. But commerce, let me leave business out because it's a two different thing. Commerce is simple. Hey, I have something valuable, someone buys it. I have something valuable. I need money to bring it to market. I need to borrow some money so I can sell it and repay my loan. That's really just it. That's it. Once anything starts showing complexity in financing, that means there is an asymmetric risk reward, risk return. And this is just a circle to move the risk. Remember I gave you all that pie chart. I mean not pie chart, I gave you all that analogy with the circle of moving the boulder of the risk. That's what this is and guess who's at the end of the line with the risk? The retiree. So anytime you see any industry that is complex like this, some of you get, see this and you get scared and you get intimidated. And this is why you don't pay attention. That's why you're on the channel because I see a lot of the comments. It's like, yo, somebody finally breaking it down in a way that I can understand it. And this is the complexity, the added benefit is it does scare you, but the complexity really is a sign. You don't have to go in on trying to understand it, but what you need to understand is this really should be simpler. And if it's not, something's being hidden. It's a real flag. Something is not right. Yeah. This thing is not financially viable yet. And so they're trying to figure out how to get to the 20 year mark that the railroads got to. In 20 years, it's a long darn time to burn through cash, especially at the rate in which they're burning through cash. And so we gotta figure out different ways until we get there. And right now we're trying to convince you that you need us. Buy a robot, put it in your suitcase and travel with it. What? You see people doing this? They, we won't have autonomous cars. Guess what? In Africa, driving the cars remotely. You know, Atlanta, you go to Atlanta, they've got these, put some cars. Waymo's? Everywhere. You know that they found out that it's people driving them remotely. Can't be, because some things get stuck at every traffic light. Causing traffic jams, blocks. You didn't see the video where there was all in the neighborhood of the circle. They don't know what they're doing. Y'all ain't never seen a Waymo come to Atlanta and get in a Waymo. I'm cool. Don't you send me no Waymo. I'm so good. It's no way. No, I'm good. Okay. I got resources down below for you. Go down below, get on the newsletter. NVIDIA has reportedly launched a program that will pay you over $22,000 a year to host a mini data center at your home. How much space does it require? They didn't say, I wonder how much space it would require. Probably requires a lot of freaking energy, though. Yeah, so how much does it cost? You probably wouldn't even see $22,000 because you would be spending it on your energy bill. More energy, you think that much? Well, it gotta make it make sense. I think what they need is space. So it's probably going to cost $15,000 or something like that. I'm cool. First of all, they were saying that you don't need that type of compute close to you. They don't know what it's doing to you and the signals in the air. I don't know. You know, I'm speaking on things that I don't have no information about, but. I'm good. I don't need to sleep on my phone next to me like that. The way they are approaching AI, this is probably one of the biggest, most irresponsible things that human beings are doing. I'm not saying that AI is bad at all, but just the way that they're doing it, this is so irresponsible. Everyone's trying to think about different irresponsible things that they've done like the dark ages. Like humans went, I don't know, 500 years where there was no technological advances. Do you know that there is a theory that there was, I think it's about 300 years where nothing is recorded. They think that those years were thrown in there. I think it's like 1200 to 1500. Nothing happened. Nothing. You said. So they added those years in. This is a theory. Literally nothing happened. I think there's something about Charlemagne, King Charlemagne or whatever he was. He was like, they made him up and inserted him in, because there's really no real record of him existing. And like, just nothing happened. So let me think of something else that's totally irresponsible that human beings did. Slavery. I'm not gonna be able to compare AI to something before y'all come after me. Very irresponsible. It was just very irresponsible. This was a horrible plan. I know what we'll do. Now that makes me think about all the irresponsible things that that economy has done that was just like. You mean human or the economy? Humans and economy. You mean modern economy? Slavery was one, I wanna say. Crusades was another. Humans are always doing something irresponsible though. Now that I think about it, you can never. I think we're always doing something irresponsible, but I think that there are some things that are like, what, this is when they did that? Segregation. Some of y'all want segregation. Sorry to offend you, but that's ridiculous. This is ridiculous. Like y'all are taking this. I think pharmaceuticals is another. It's just a whole healthcare system in the pharmaceutical system. I don't think you get any more irresponsible than slavery, you know what I mean? Yeah. Slavery and of course the Holocaust. Yeah, apartheid. BBLs. BBLs. But they don't like BBL. He from Atlanta, y'all. He should like the BBLs. BBLs was a very, very stupid thing. That was irresponsible. Some people got good looking BBLs. Some people need them. Some people can't build their booty. It's a BBL or a transfer, you know? BBL is different. Not that you notice. He was an Atlanta food notice. I'm just saying. The BBL don't look good, but the fat transfer, you can get away with that one. Only Atlanta person would notice. All right, y'all.