 We have this property and we want to turn this into cash. We can do one of two things or a combination thereof. We can own the property and the bank gives us a mortgage. Okay? They're loaning us this. Or, hear me out. We can take this building, chop it up into a bunch of little pieces and they will buy the piece from us. Now we're not gonna actually chop it up and give it out to them. And the classic example of stock, they will have this piece of paper that represents that they own a little teeny piece of this building. Or, technology. We got this tokenization thing going on. We can tokenize real world assets. So show them the token again. That would be... This is the token. That's the digital token. Yes. We'll give you this code, this litter of code, that represents that you own a portion of the building. That way the people that control the building, they can get the money against the assets. So essentially it sounds like it's giving more of people the opportunity to actually invest privately, private equity. Yes. This is why when you do a deal, certain types of large deals, you have to register with the SEC because you need to make sure you're doing it right. You can't just be making up shares out of nowhere when it doesn't exist. The other way to do it is to have fun. Very similar thing, but instead of breaking up shares of the building itself, you're taking a bunch of buildings and putting it into a bundle and you're breaking up the shares of the bundle. The other way, now that we got this tokenization, hey, I wanna buy an apartment building, I can issue shares through tokenization. We are a ways away from people being able to do that on regular deals for just apartment buildings, but it's around a corner. So syndication is, the way it was done is probably gonna go away. Which I have questions, who regulates it? That's my question. So we just hired a new investment assistant at our private equity fund in Victus Elite. And we got into this amazing conversation today because he asked me about real world assets and tokenization. And we broke it all the way down, but I realized something. A lot of you don't really truly understand the difference between debt versus equity. So this whole conversation, this whole explanation about tokenization got into a conversation about debt versus equity. And a lot of this stuff might surprise you. And a lot of these things that you don't know could be the thing that's keeping you from building wealth. So hop into the very first episode of the Profit Door Review. ["The Profit Door Review"] So let's talk about the stuff you sent me to, ready to wear. The RWA? Yeah, yeah. I cannot remember. RWA. Let's talk about it. All right, so next, tokenization with the real world. Real world assets. Okay, this is a voiceover. Brandon was far away and he was reading off a lot. It's really difficult for you to hear him. So I'm going to say what he said so you can have some context. One of the articles that I sent you, it says not to be confused with digital payments. At its core, tokenization has the potential to increase access to financial markets via opening up ownership of previously inaccessible assets, particularly for retail investors and people and emerging economies who have found it difficult to access traditional financial institutions. For example, real estate has been long, one of the most desirable yet illiquid assets. High capital requirements, lengthy transaction times, geographic barriers have traditionally limited participation to select few. Tokenized real estate is fundamentally changing this dynamic by enabling fractional ownership and global access. Fractional ownership allows for very high property value, such as a luxury apartment or a commercial building to be divided into thousands of digital tokens. Each token represents a fractional share of the property, allowing investors to buy and sell these shares with minimal capital and unprecedented fees. The process transforms in a liquid asset into a collection of liquid tradable units, allowing property owners to raise capital without selling the desired asset. In my take, when I read that, this is what Brandon said, in my take, when I read that essentially I was saying that real world assets are given opportunities to like property owners or quote unquote owners. The ability to leverage capital. Okay, so yes and no. Leverage, I want you to be really, really careful about how you use the word leverage. Leverage is specific to debt. Right now we use the word, we use it figuratively when we talk about like, hey, I'm using this thing to get something else. And so the definition has kind of been twisted a little bit in the financial world, but the technical definition of leverage is associated with debt. But tokenization of these assets is all about equity. Equity and debt are two different things. And the reality is you will be surprised at how many people don't understand the difference between the two and they're actually in finance. So leverage in a figurative sense, yes, it's leverage. It's this tool that they're using to help to raise capital, to leverage to raise capital, but it's not actual leverage itself. Leverage is associated with debt. So an asset is not a leverage. Don't associate asset with equity. Asset doesn't equal equity or debt. Asset means something that you can add to the balance sheet because someone on the receiving side of debt, that piece of debt is an asset. So the person who actually made the loan, that piece of debt is an asset. A piece of equity that you own is an asset. So the difference I wanna, before we even go into all of this, the difference between debt and equity, I wanna draw a little diagram for you. Because we need to understand this before we understand ready to wear. Real world ass. Ready to wear. R-T-W, before we understand R-T-W. R-W-A, okay? All right, so the example I like to give is a mortgage. A mortgage is debt. A lot of times people will say things like, if you have a mortgage on your property, you don't own it. The bank owns it. That is not true as it pertains to mortgages. Specifically this type of debt. As it pertains to mortgages, that is not true. When you have a mortgage, you technically give a mortgage. You don't get a mortgage. You give a mortgage to the bank. When you buy, in the United States, when you buy a property, you own it. The bank lends you money against that asset. You own it. You're actually on the deed. But they have first position lien holders. They basically say, if you don't pay this, this debt, this money that we're giving you is backed by this asset. So it is debt. That is leverage. Hey, I am leveraging my good credit to get a house. That is leverage. Leverage is always associated in strict financial terms with debt. The other option, this I'm glad that we use a mortgage, instead of getting debt in the form of a mortgage, so now we're thinking about a single family home. Think like a big commercial property. Hey, we have this property, and we want to turn this into cash. We can do one of two things or a combination thereof. But let's just act like there's two mutually exclusive things. OK, we can own the property, and the bank gives us a mortgage in their loneliness money with this piece of land or this apartment building, this building as the collateral that backs this $200,000, $200 million, whatever amount of money. They're loaning us this. Or here we are. Or we can take this building, chop it up into a bunch of little pieces, and everyone owns a little piece, and they will buy the piece from us. Now, we're not going to actually chop it up and give it out to them. Because you never want to break up the money. But they will have, in the classic example of stock, they will have this piece of paper. I can't find the piece right in the back of my hand. They will have this piece of paper that represents that they own a little teeny piece of this building. Or technology, we got this tokenization thing going on. We can tokenize real world assets. So show them token again. That would be that. This is the token. That's the digital token. Yes. You can't chop our building up. But we'll give you this piece of paper that represents that you own it, not the paper. We'll give you this code, this litter of code, that represents that you own a portion of the building. That way the people who own it that control the building, they can get the money against the assets. So essentially, it sounds like it's given more people the opportunity to actually invest privately, private equity. Yes. So you already know that one of my big hills that I'm on right now is giving everyday people access to these private markets. And so this is potentially another way for people to get access to these assets that give huge returns that they normally wouldn't be able to do because they don't have enough money through tokenization. You can own a fraction of a building. You can own a fraction of whatever this real world asset is. I think one of the ones I was looking at is payments. Whatever token, the asset that backs it is payments. And even though money is not physical in 2025, it's real world asset. Like payments is asset. So I have to look a little bit more to figure out exactly the inner workings of that one. But it's not just real estate. I think real estate is probably when Bitcoin first, the second time it got big in 2016, 2017, which is when it got on my radar. And I've learned about tokenization. I immediately thought about tokenization of real world assets, but not for the purposes of raising capital. I thought about it for the purposes of recording transactions, deeds, real estate transactions. The beautiful thing about the tokenization process is we all, if you know how it works, is this self-correcting system where everything, the ledger gets updated. Like I can't steal anything from you unless I actually steal it from you. Nobody can go in and fudge the details. Nobody can, it's all like, it lives in the ether, no matter what. Everybody's ownership is encoded in each other's ownership. So I thought that that would be a really, I thought that recording real estate transactions, because people are stealing real estate all the time, this will be a great way for a city to get control of this very easy crime that it can get control of. But I guess if you were to do that, you would put title companies, all type of attorneys out of business overnight. So couldn't do it. But back to the conversation about debt versus equity, the other thing that people don't understand, when you have debt in the list of stakeholders who get paid in the case of something being liquidated or bankruptcy, debt holders, lean holders, are always, they always get paid first. So for example, I worked at a company and they went bankrupt for a car company. So the individuals who work for a company like the vice president, this district regional manager, are those first to get paid out? So technically no. So if there have wages due to them, that's debt. So yes, but in terms of like being made whole, like, oh, we're gonna give you a severance package, no. Right, like you work, typically in America, you work first and then you get paid. So every, when you work before you get paid, the company is in debt to you. So you technically have an issue alone to them for the two weeks or a day or two days or whatever, since your last pay date. So kind of, but normally, when a company is in business, you have this class of people that's called stakeholders. Stakeholders is everybody that is affected by the company. This is employees, debt holders, equity owners, if it's a business, the neighbors are stakeholders. These are people that have a stake in the business doing well, sometimes not doing well, someone may have a stake in the business not doing well. Like anybody who has the best interest in this business on paper or not. What would be equity holders then? Equity holders, stockholders. Stockholders, okay. Stockholders. So if a business is liquidated or if it goes under, stockholders are the last ones. So because of this order that debt holders get paid first. So lean holders, debt holders, like if you get a mortgage in real estate, like if you're, especially if you try to put a deal together, the mortgage company, if you do a hard money lender, they're like, we only want first position lean holder. We won't take second position. That means if the property gets liquidated, first position, you get paid first. Second position, there are some lenders that will go second position lean holder. After all the debt has been paid, then you start moving on to the equity holders. Because of this order, debt holders typically get a lower return than equity owners. Because when you're an equity owner, you, your ownership, anything that you own, just by owning it, you're taking the risk that the value of this thing is gonna go up, down sideways. And because you're taking an ownership risk, you're the last person to get paid. You own the thing. And in the case of these tokenization, I own this asset. So if I own this, you know, if I decide real world asset, this mug, Nicole mug, I wanna tokenize my mug. I am essentially saying, if I'm a buyer of this token, I'm essentially saying Nicole's gonna do a really good job of taking care of that mug. She's gonna do such a good job that I think that the value of it is gonna go up, the value of the mug itself. So because I own a portion of it, the value of my share is gonna go up. But if I break the mug, guess what? Now everybody's share or, value is going to, equity, there you go. Has diminished. Yes. So bondholders, debt holders, bond is debt. So you think about stocks and bond stocks is equity, bond is debt. Bondholders, mortgage, banks that have mortgages. Anybody who has debt, their interest rate will be low. Now I'm gonna come bring it back to the conversation about asset. If I own, if I loan you money, if I own a bond of the United States Treasury, if I loan you money, that is an asset. The money is the asset. The bond is the asset. That's why you don't associate asset with it doesn't equal liability because an asset also can be the stock. Oh, okay. I get it. Sort of. So essentially, when I hear the term debt, it's really like from the conversation where it's going. It sounds like it's attached to cash, like money, like actually. That's the whole point that you would, it doesn't always mean that, that it's not mutually exclusive to that. But like the reason I would issue bonds, the reason I would get a business loan, the reason I would get a mortgage is because I need a lump sum of cash in exchange for you getting these payments. That makes sense. The same reason I would issue equity or tokenize something because I need cash. I must sell off my ownership of this company, portions of my ownership of this company because I need the bread to make the company run. Okay. That actually makes a lot of sense. That conversation I overheard you have it earlier, about two weeks ago. What did I say? I was trying to work that deal. You were on the phone with Art and Noel and he was pretty much saying like, what are you willing to give? What are you willing to give? Yes. That was a very low, so we have equity on the table that we can give up. Right. That's what that was. Yeah. Yes. Equity plus some other things. So these real world assets, how does it apply? To you, technically, anybody who wants to raise money. So right now, like if you want to buy apartment building, the easiest way to do that is to do syndication where you are literally breaking up shares of the apartment building and selling off shares to investors. Okay. So you got the general partner, the person controls the deal and you got the limited partners. Hey, we're going to break up ownership of this into people almost like think like the stock market, selling off shares of the equity portion of the deal. Okay. This is why when you do a deal, certain types of large deals, you have to register with the SEC because we need to make sure you're doing it right. You can't just be making up shares out of nowhere when it doesn't exist. Okay. The other way to do it is to have fun, right? Very similar thing, but instead of breaking up shares of the building itself, you're taking a bunch of buildings and putting it into a bundle and you're breaking up the shares of the bundle. And you said that's the fun side. That's the fun side. The other way, now that we got this tokenization, hey, I want to buy apartment building, I can issue shares through tokenization. We're a bit weight, I think we're not a bit, but we are a ways away from people being able to do that on regular deals for just apartment buildings, but it's around a corner. So syndication is, the way it was done is probably going to go away, which I have questions. I actually wrote this question down when you brought this ready to wear, RWA. RWA. RWA, yes. R-T-W, he brought RWA up to me. My question is, just say easy with R, you know? Oh, okay, I'm not going to. It's forever ingrained in my head, it's ready to wear. Who regulates it? That's my question. I don't know the answer to that because theoretically, anybody can put something on a blockchain and anybody can say what it's worth. And then, how do we know? It's awesome, yeah, it's lack of security there. I don't, maybe it's something I'm over, look, I don't know. I'm not educated in it, maybe we can Google it. Let me see, who recommended, who, let's Google that. Who? I would assume it would be the United States government. What department regulates RWA? There is no single regulator for real war assets. Regulation depends on the underlying asset and jurors decision, but in the U.S., the SEC regulates tokenized securities while the CFTC oversees certain tokenized commodities. They in local law, legal god to real world asset. Coinbase is seeking SEC approvals to trade tokenized stocks 24-7. That finance announced X stocks tokenized equities available via Kraken and Solana. But who regulated, who regulates real estate? If they're trying to do it, real estate is being fractionalized on blockchains, but who is regulating it? I know it's, who is regulating it? What is tokenized, okay, I know what that is. We already know what this is. Yeah, if y'all know the answer out there. Question of the day. Question of who is regulating, like. Who's regulating it? Because if it's not regulated, listen, all you scammers, go ahead. Go before they catch you. Go, put your nostrils up or there. And sell fake apartment buildings, they have no value. I think that's what a loophole is right now, before they can really do a hard one. Because they've experienced that with all of these quote unquote, mean coins, where a mean coin will come out and they're ruckfully, and essentially when it comes out, they just boost the value of it, like, verbally, and just, once the value gets to a certain amount, they just rump with it and just liquidate it immediately. Liquidate it, yeah. And then it just leaves everybody who invested. The first person that does this with a real estate project, somebody's gonna figure out how to scam, it's going to be crazy. The scammers are always gonna scam. So here's the thing, no, like, you know, there was a law some years ago that was passed that said that, that allow for people to do crowdfunding with real estate. And some people ended up in a situation where they felt like they got scammed, right? And so just to kind of back up and give a little bit more information about it, a lot of people didn't get scammed. Let me be really, really clear. A lot of people did not get scammed. Crowdfunding with real estate was a way to solve this problem that we're talking about right now, which is like giving everyday people access into these markets, right? Oh, I got $100. I can own through a crowdfund, right? Think like a regular fund, but a crowdfund. We can do under credited investors. I think it was like an unlimited amount of under credited investors. It's still, I mean, you can still do a crowdfund that way. There's a lot of regulation around it, but hey, I got $100 and I wanna own a piece of this property. Great. Same concept as this tokenization stuff. Same exact concept. The issue is, it's not really issues really kind of solving the problem. Because it's illiquid, people who are not accredited, they typically need their money back sooner. They don't like the idea of locking their money up for five to seven years. They need their money back sooner, but because it's traded on a blockchain, it's traded on an exchange, it makes it more liquid. And I had the research a while back to understand liquid and illiquid, like to understand, like I had to understand the concept of something being liquidated and it really just means how fast can you turn it into cash? To cash, yes. Liquidation means how fast can you turn it into something that's illiquid? Like technically, I learned the hard way. Real estate is illiquid. Period. Apartment buildings are very illiquid. But so now the whole ordeal is to get hands on cash faster. Not necessarily, some people don't need their cash. So they're willing to take a bigger return to lock their money up. The other thing too about the other thing, we about to go super duper deep. So we're going to end this right here. You have primary versus secondary markets. Primary market is, hey, I have this asset and I'm going to sell shares of this fund. That's primaries. In the world of stock, it's called IPO. Soon as the IPO is over, everything else is secondary. That's the secondary markets. So if you have a very active secondary market that makes it liquid, right? So with the reason that this tokenization stuff is a better resource than crowd funds to raise capital, is because the token, the market that is the exchanges has a very active secondary market. Depends. It might not be active for that particular asset. You don't know. I mean, you won't know until like, if you're doing something small like an apartment building, so that makes it liquid. So it's like, it depends on, I won't say more valuable, but a more attractive asset to people who like liquidity. Now, if you have a crowd fund, like some of the people that felt like they invested in crowd funds, and because some people was trying to get their money back tomorrow, like they put their money in, and then immediately in a year, they wanted their money back. Like that was crazy with that situation. And I felt bad for the person because it was like a run on a bank. Everybody won their money back, and they don't understand it. Like you got to lead the money in for a while. There's no secondary market for this. So this kind of solves the problem, because now you have potentially these secondary markets. You have these, I guess, is it stable coins? Like, yeah, stable coins. But you just gave me a new thing that I didn't even know, because essentially all the liquidity lies in the secondary market. Yes. Or you can hold the asset to maturity. Or one other way that it can be liquid is if the issuer has a clause to, like for funds, sometimes they have a clause where you have a redemption period. Every 90 days, you can redeem it. So the fund manager has to be able to handle it. So like typically a larger fund, yes. Because it's like, oh, you want it? That's cool. We got a bunch of other people that want it. Tell them to give it by bank. You Vanguard, you own a money market fund. You can get your money. You sell that thing, it's going to go. It's gone. Yeah. Or whether they buy it back, I actually went on a tangent. They can say that we will buy it back, whether they issue it to someone else or not that's irrelevant. We have these redemption, we have this time period, or we can, hey, there's something you can add in, like listen, I got a huge line of credit. I want you to invest in this. And you can redeem it at any time now. I'm sure there's going to be a huge penalty. You can redeem it at any time. That's liquid. That's a very liquid thing. They're promising that you can redeem it at any time. Actually a brilliant strategy. You go and raise a bunch of debt, make it so that they can't change the max on the debt, and then you go out and raise capital on it, and say like, listen, you have to figure out what the value of that is, but like, hey, I want you to invest in this. This is your return. And I will buy it back if you ever need to redeem. And you make the redemption be a spread between, but you have to borrow it. So you essentially can like make money from it until you can find somebody else to invest. I'm sure someone is, I just thought of that, but I'm, it's not off the wall that no one else can do it. Yeah. Yeah, that's crazy. Make it a spread. Right. So like, hey, I'm promising you. I'm going to give you a 20% return. It's liquid. If you want to get your money back, that's fine. But if you get your money back before, if you want to get your money back before this date, I'm only paying you 2%. So I'm only paying you to or let's say, Hey, I'm only paying you 6%, but I can borrow it at 5%. As opposed to your 20%. And that'll give me enough wiggle room to where as though I can take that, replace it, pay these people back off and make that 1% spread. I'm sure somebody's doing some version of that somewhere. Yeah. It's like a mathematical genes right there. Math. And onto the second things they don't want you to know. Pretty sure somebody's done it. Like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody will be going to comment. No, it's technically a little because the cold, the IRS cold, so you don't know what you're talking about. Shut up. I made it up. Watch your business. We working out the gang there. If you want to learn more about some of this stuff and you want it broken all the way down, don't worry. I have a bomb training for you. It's called the seven hidden wealth keys where I break down some complex stuff and just make it easy for you to understand the stuff that they don't want you to know. They don't want you to understand. Again, taking our power back and go down below and register for the next training, the seven hidden wealth keys. It's going to blow your mind.