A lot of y'all be asking, what books do I read to know the information that I know as far as, like, private living, UCC, and consumer rights? And I just want to say that it's not necessarily books that I'm reading, so to speak. I have read the Meet Your Straw Man and the UCC Connection. Um, but most importantly, I just would suggest that you get you a black law dictionary with the latest edition. I have both the 11th edition and the 12th edition. They're not too far off, especially with the things that I'll be needing them for. So you wanna make sure that you get one so that you can have clear context on how those terms within that dictionary are used. And not just that, I also read case study. Okay, so you want to be going into Google, typing in scenarios, and requesting for cases. Okay? For example, give me a case a consume. Show me consumer Protection cases related to X, Y, and Z. Show me criminal cases related to X, Ask Google when they populate those cases, you need to be reading up on the case and studying the case. You need to be looking over the exhibits that were in the case. You need to be looking over the orders. Look over the case. Case study. Okay? You cannot live a private life if you do not know how to litigate. And you know, i'mma stop making It, like, nobody knows how to litigate, because litigating is quite simple. Wherever you're litigating that, whether it's an arbitration, if you're doing the private mediation, if you're in court, there's always rules. Just read the rules. Literally, just read the rules. Now, I almost forgot. Another book that I read is The Unincorporation by James Billy. This book is basically going to tell you not to do your traditional LLCs, S Corp and C Corp. It's going to teach you how to set up a business trust. And most importantly, strategy. This game that we are playing every day in our everyday life is strategy. It requires strategy. The pieces on the chessboard, the pawns, the, um, back row of the executive chain of command, all of these roles play a role of strategizing these entities that we create so that we can do business and commerce. These entities that we create to hold our assets. Like, it all is strategy. And let me say this. Everyone's goal is going to be different. Everyone's strategy is going to be different. This is why I teach the game, and I'm not teaching you a process. So all in all, the books that you wanna read is gonna be. The first one you should start with is the Meet your Strawman. Whatever you wanna know. That is in red writing, and it's by David E. Robinson. Okay, then you wanna read the UCC connection. That is also by David E. Robinson. And it's in blue writing. Then you wanna get you a black law dictionary. Make sure you have the latest edition. Right now we are in the 12th edition. So if the 13th edition has not come out, you wanna get the 12th edition. You can get them on, I think it's called Thomas Rogers dot org. They're about 90 bucks. Okay, then you have the uncorporation by James Billing. That is basically going to teach you how to navigate a private trust for business. And I almost forgot, case study. Case study is how you study law. Look at what the argument was. Look at the points that were made. You want to get in the knit and grit of the case and you wanna relate it to what it is that you're trying to achieve. Okay? It's really not that hard, guys. You just gotta really lock in with yourself and what it is your goal is for you. Okay? But that wraps it. Remember, y'all, no one is coming to save you. I love you, but only no more than you love yourself. Consultations, mentorship, all available at jetoiy.com. That is J E T O I dot dot com. I love you only know more than you love yourself. Bye.
