One thing that's really interesting about billionaire money is a lot of it isn't real. It's based off speculation, and it's kind of like a house of cards, right? So I'm gonna explain this as simply as possible as somebody who worked in private equity. Study financial engineering, study economics, right? So buckle up. The way that billionaires can leverage their stocks is basically, they go to the bank, and the banks like, hey, do you want a loan? And they're like, yes, I have all of these shares that are worth X amount of dollars. Give me this loan. So, for instance, they'll say, I have 100 shares. I'll put up 50 of those shares for collateral. Give me $2 billion, right? And they assume if that person can't pay back the $2 billion, that 50 shares that's going up as collateral will be owned by the bank and be sold and will cover their losses. However, if you are a CEO of a company, particularly in this administration, there is a lot of artificial inflation going on. So let's say now that you're like, fuck, I need money. I'm gonna go sell some of these shares. So you sell those shares, boom. The value you got from those shares probably was so much more than it was originally, right? Because you inflated it. So then you give that to the bank, then you pay off your loan. But what happens when you don't pay it off? Right? So now you're In a situation where you have all of these collateral, right, you have all this stock, you're like, hey, bank, can you give me $2 billion? The bank gives you $2 billion. Now you have $2 billion that you don't have to pay taxes on. Because remember, it's a loan. That is the basically cashing out on your stock. And essentially, you can keep doing this from everyone else. Because if you owe the bank so much money, that's the bank's problem. Because the bank doesn't get that money. The bank goes under. But whose money are they loaning out? They're loaning out your money. The federal government ensures your money in the FDIC up to $250,000 in deposits, right? So that money that you have, they give to the billionaires. And the billionaires are like, thank you. And then if the bank goes under, you have to go to the government to get your money back. The bank closes, and then voila, the billionaires keep their loan. This is the why I say it's kind of like a house of cards, right? Because if the billionaire decides, I wanna go make a bunny, I'm gonna go inflate my stock value, he can do that. He can completely just go inflate the value. Especially under this administration, right? Because it's all speculation. The stock market is what people think a stock is going to be worth. So they inflate their value, then they can get more value in collateral. And let's say the Stock completely plummets. They still got their money. Who cares? And it's money being created out of nothing. Because what people think, but whose money are they giving out? Yours? They're giving out your money. And that's why I say this is kind of like a house of cards, right? Because all retirements, star is all retirements, pensions. All this kind of stuff is being passed around. But normally it's literally like, hey, thank you for depositing your money with me. Hey, Mr. Elon Musk, here's that money for the loan. Please pay us back. They don't pay you back. You have to go to this person, be like, hey, sorry, we, we, we went under. Nobody pay their loans back. It is. That's how it works. And I don't say this to try to scare people, cause I know ultimately there's nothing that y'all can do, right? Like, it's how the country runs. But the financial system is built on a house of cards like this. Because banks, at their core, can be too big to fail. If a company is too big to fail, that basically means it will have rippling effects in the. In the United States economy. Therefore, the government has to step in. So if you're somebody like Elon Musk, somebody like Jeff Bezos, you go to one of those banks, is too big to fail and be like, hey, you probably know the CEO personally. I have all of this stock. Do you think you could want To give me a loan I'll put up as collateral. They say, sure, because the government's gonna bail them out using your tax dollars. So what you can gain from this is, remember, at the core of this system, you are the only reason it works. Because the valuation of the speculations and all of this money isn't real money. It's what people think something's being is worth. Then they gives you what. Then they give the billionaire what they think the thing that they're using as collateral is worth, and they're giving them your money. And then if it fails, they give the bank your tax dollars. That is essentially how it works. And for those who don't know why people hate billionaires, that's why I remember, I work in private equity, so I understand the banking side of things. Right? And again, this isn't supposed to be a dragging anybody video. It's just genuinely to get people to understand, at its core, banking in the United States is robbing Peter to pay Paul, and then hoping big papa G will pay one of those two back. Because you want to get one over on somebody. And another thing that I will add is speculation can be fueled, right? So let's say there is a stock split where, uh, at the CEO of a company will split the shares, in theory, to add more shares so they're able to sell more and raise more money. Right? So you, in theory, Could split your stock shares, right? Increase more on the market. And then somehow, with market pulling, market manipulation, all this stuff inflate the value of them, right? And then when that value is really, really high, you can walk over to the bank and be like, hey, bank, see all the stock that I have? Yes, worth a lot of money. Give me some more money. And then you spend that money, cause you don't pay taxes on it. Boom, there you go. Because remember, when you owe the bank a lot of money, who owns the bank? It's a bank's problem at that point, right? Like, the banks are the ones that are gonna be shut down. You're fine, right? They can put you in jail for this. Because without debtors, prisons can't punish people with jail for this. So I want to close off on the note that this system is completely speculative. It only works because people think the stock values are actually worth something. But we've seen the market be manipulated by our president countless times, to the point where now you're able to print money magically. Which is how Elon Musk has a trillion dollar worth of, uh, network. Because frankly, none of it's real. He could go cash out on a lot of it if you wanted to, right? And it's insane that he has that much money. But it's because the system is built on a house of cards. Using your money, using Your tax dollars. It's built giving these billionaires your tax. Your money from the bank. And if the bank fails, they give them your tax dollars. That is all from your favorite former private equity worker.
