FILE: The people yearn for spirituality. Aliens are real, but I call them A... [7633529291279551774].mp4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 595.0s
TRANSCRIBED: 87.8s processing
============================================================

I just saw a video about ancient aliens coming out because someone who worked on it recently, passed away, and that ancient aliens is racist, and I'm here to tell you all that I've been saying this for a very long time. Be very mindful of new age, spirituality, because a lot of it is based in racism by nature. So indigenous technology is philosophy. With philosophy, literally that is the way that your brain is constructed and how you interact with the external world and your internal world and how those two things relate to each other and how you pull from the internal to materialized things into the external world. That is the technology of how humans can do that is called philosophy, or at least that's what we, the word that we use in English, but it is a mental frameworks. All it is is mental frameworks to organize information and what you do with it. And unfortunately, the mental frameworks in the West are reduced, reduced, reduced, to be able to fit the most simplistic person who does the least and that is the white man who owns others. And the more he owns the more, the more you have to cater to his framework or his world view, which is extremely limited because think about it, who is at the top of the totem pole in white man culture, while that's the empire. And then you look around and you go, there are no emperors today, are you sure about that? Next are the kings that get to rule over the lands of the emperor does not have his physical body in. Under the kings are the lords who get to rule over the physical lands that the king does not have his body in. Under the lords are the priests that get to rule over the spirits of the people that the lords physically cannot control. Under the priest are the laymen who own land and work the land, but it's not really theirs. They're just stewards of the land and it's been leased to them by the lords. That's it. That's patriarchy, okay? And whiteness borrows from patriarchy and all that kind of stuff. So you can understand that if your way of navigating life is based off of the vision of someone who has delegated out their vision and their plans. And you know that these people be murdering each other every five minutes. They practice, insist, none of them are literate. Why would they need to be literate when you can hire and delegate other people to do literacy for it? It becomes iterative. So the philosophy and the West because it borrows and because it's so closely linked to other ideologies that are reductive, right? Because it works in colonialism. It literally catches fascism and catches like, like retardation of thought at like the common cold. What I mean by that is if you're in a group setting and someone comes in who is frigid and fragile and cannot expand their mind frame to consider others, okay? So just say someone with the red hat walks into a room with a lot of intersectional people. Everyone in that room has to now think and interact in the mind frame and through the philosophy of Western thought to interact with this person because this person refuses to acknowledge any other framework or way of thinking or interacting outside of their own. So some of the people in the room try to be mediators. Other people in the room might join them, right? Because they benefit from this person's way of thinking. And since everyone's navigating based off of this person's worldview, they can get benefits off that they will. And then they're going to be finally the people who are against that person. They also act in the same frame view and the same work. That's why I say if you get like stuck into leftist propaganda, liberal propaganda, anything that works within the framework of Western mindset of nationalism, if you're talking about a white man, if you're arguing with a white man, if you're considering the views of a white man and that's all you have, you're in it. There's nothing wrong with the view of a white man. What's wrong is when people only view through the lens of that white man. Half the time these white men don't even be asking you to do that. You'll know when they are because they use physical violence, mental and emotional and spiritual violence as well. They'll come to you as a friend and then eventually the things start ticking off because it's like they have to go through that initiation on their own so it is a trigger point to get out of colonialism. They have to be triggered. They have to go through fucking shit up. This is like why white men horror is I don't believe anyone until it's too late and then finally the horror is I am the monster because I let the monster in to kill everyone and now I have to kill the monster and I'm the only one left sitting with the realization that I ruined everything because I refuse to see beyond my perspective. They have to go through that in order to expand out of the matrix that they're in because that is how their matrix is set up. That's why everybody who goes in there to try to help white men and anyone within white colonial matrixes and that includes the entire West from the ancient Greeks on out okay y'all like and then that's I'm we're just talking about Western frameworks there let's look at all them brown people and all them patriarchal frameworks they have I'm looking at you India I'm looking at you China I'm looking at all of you and Africa I'm looking at all of you South America I'm looking at everybody who doesn't inherently understand the goddess complex or who does and still defiles it. Patriarchy is real and also Western frameworks do operate inside of countries that do not have white people it's called colorism. If you can if you can spot colorism you have spotted whiteness in the system that's working because it's an ideology it's not actually based on anything ethnically nationally anything it's an ideology about reducing things to one person owning and ruling and just delegating how other people are going to enact their personal vision. Now a different framework says we all sit at a round table does that sound familiar to anybody because this framework isn't just brown people it's indigenous framework indigenous framework which is spiritual technology which is what ancient aliens is trying to understand because they've alienated themselves from the round table where we all sit and we all understand that all of our visions have to be put up on the board and if we have too many things contradicting each other and it all falls down we cannot move forward until we all have done the work necessary to expand to understand and include and to also be able to mitigate for all of these different visions at the table not just one man's it's not who has the best vision let's go with that it's everybody needs to bring something to the table because we're all here we're all going to be an active part of this and no we're not about to all be policing each other to make sure that everybody's doing the right thing so instead everybody needs to have their own thing that they're doing an individual who is part of a whole so as a collective when we do our individual things that we wish to do our individual visions it comes together like puzzle pieces on a puzzle boom a picture we get a full fucking picture each individual puzzle piece came together to create a whole picture and it is synonymous but you can only get that if you agree on the picture overall and then do your individual parts in it yeah and the overall picture can't just be one person one person can be a vessel for the for bringing it all together and helping people relate and connect all the pieces but it shouldn't be their own vision like for instance I know y'all listen to me and you're like you should be a vision you should do all these and absolutely the fuck not I refuse to lead be president or do anything for anybody else because I'm living my own life I have a very full lush life that I live I'm happy living my life and so I come here and I share all sorts of information that comes from that lived perspective right but it's because I actually enjoy living my life and my life has nothing to do with ruling other people are telling other people what to do or fixing shit for other people I just don't happen to keep game and then I share information that helps other people keep game and share information and build and do the things that they need to do if I tell you baby one plus one is two and you went two two is the number I was looking for a job complete I don't need to be ruling over nothing for that to work I just have to exist that's indigenous technology that's how they build pyramids that's how they build huge structures that's how they build telecometic systems I mean fact guys we have phones that we stare into a little black box and we can listen and talk to each other fully rendered in the physical body that's technology that humans have come up with and it's physical the non-material aspect of this also exists okay we use crystals to talk to each other in a phone you can use crystals to talk to each other without the fucking phone it's just people lack creativity in the west and so we need to make it physical which means also a lot of people have to suffer in order to see what was already there to begin with that's ancient aliens versus indigenous technology people who force other people to suffer everything has to be burnt down destroyed and picked apart and dissected for some for one group of people to be able to see what everyone's sitting at that table had already saw be mindful stay safe out there in the streets y'all okay be mindful
