FILE: v12044gd0000d7kgemfog65qcoavoqkg.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 528.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 75.9s processing
============================================================

There's a large gap in the de-sintering men's space in regards to something that we do not talk about. I don't think anyone's ever talked about this. And that would be after you de-sinter men de-sintering living like a man. Your nine to five schedule is based off of patriarchy. It is based off of the testosterone that a man has early in the morning where he has the most amount of energy and then it dwindles down during the day and after 24 hours he gets a reset in his testosterone. Therefore, he is able to show up daily without having to have any differences in his hormones that would be impacting his productivity or impacting his emotions or impacting just things that he needs to do his energy levels and things like that. As a woman, you have been designed as a woman to still make it work by thinking like a man. So you'll have a lot of women that get mad at themselves because they're like, oh my god, I'm not being productive. I skipped a workout. I worked out for only 28 days instead of 30 days this month. Oh my god, I screwed up on one of my meals. Oh my god, a lot of this is because you have not de-sintered the fact that you are a woman. You're not a small man. You are not supposed to be running on the program that a man thought that we're on in the world that was set up for a man. A lot of leaving that mindset behind is relinquishing the shame in the guilt that you put on yourself simply because you cannot show up every single day. You cannot show up the way in which you want to consistently. It is because the woman is designed for inconsistency. Women run on a cycle. A 28 day cycle. We are literally a different person just about every single week. If you go and look at the ocean, the ocean will not be still every day. The waves won't be crashing every day. There is nothing in the earth that is stagnant enough where it is going to be the same every day. This is why men, they man you facture things. They create things that are solid. They're consistent in their stable. Mother earth, it is earth day. Mother earth, there is nothing stable or consistent about her. You know, this is why in a lot of places you will have four seasons. This is the reason why you don't have the temperatures set the same every day or the weather the same every day. Because as a woman, you have to bend to the wheel of how you are designed as a woman. And that is going to look different from you versus a man. You a lot of women, I do not listen to anything that men have to say in regards to you know, business acquisition, CEO, VP, anything like that. I do not listen to any of the advice that men give because they're not running on the same program as me. They don't have the same hormones as me. They do not have the same brain chemistry or brain makeup is me. I cannot identify on anything it is that they do. I started making money. I started making the most money on this app when I decided that I was not going to post multiple times a day. I ended up making the most money when I was posting once or maybe twice a day and then when I did not want to post, I did not post. I did not have myself assigned to this patriarchal conditioning of you must show up every day. You must perform or try to perform at 100% every day. That is not the makeup of the woman. Really, you're only going to get about three or four days out of the month where you get a chance to perform at 100%. You're the creator, you're the goddess. You don't have enough time to just sit here and only be focused on creating. You have to rest. You have to revive. You have to reset and then you have to produce. So this is why it's going to look different for you. This is why they have in patriarchy. They want everything to be assigned to time. They want everything to be assigned to time because that's man you factored. It's stable. It's solidified. It's foundational. Time is not real. Time doesn't exist. Time is just something that they created in order to make a hierarchy out of it. For you to see here, engage. I'm not where I want to be at this time. Baby, you don't have to be. If you're in your career now and you decide you want to know what, and the future I want to go back to school, you can use the money that you're making in your career now, and you can save it and therefore have enough money saved up where you can actually stop working your job or go part time at your job and you can go to school full time and you can get your degree quicker. Even if it means that you do it five years from now, seven years from now, 10 years from now. Learn how to operate on your program as a woman and learn how to create your program as a woman. Life is going to be easier for you. You're going to accumulate more money. You're going to look more beautiful. You're going to be releasing a lot of this shame and guilt that a lot of women have when you can't understand, oh my god, why am I not matching up to a man? Because you're not a small man. You're a woman. A lot of women do this in regards to weight loss. My husband lost 20 pounds in one week and I only lost two pounds because he's a man. He has testosterone and he has a higher amount of muscle mass, meaning that metabolically, with just him resting, he is burning more fat than you because met about metabolically, he has more muscle than you. He also doesn't have things like progesterone and estrogen to the same level as you. Progesterone goes up whenever you are in your ludial phase and that's going to have you retain more water. You're going to be more sensitive to things like salt. You're going to be more sensitive to things like sugar. His main component is testosterone. Most of what his hormones are wringing off of is him accumulating more muscle, which is then going to make it easier for him to burn more fat. You can't stay here and compare yourself to a man and he's not structured the same way as you. Right, that's like comparing a sports car, like that they're actually using for NASCAR and comparing it to Toyota Camry. They are designed for two separate things. They are designed as two separate entities. You cannot take the, you cannot take the the playbook of what a man is doing and then assimilate that to your own life. That is why life can be so hard for women that are decenering men because you've decenered men, but you still feel as though you have to fit into this patriarchal thing. A big part of the feminine is patience. The masculine is all about fast, fast, fast, fast, productivity, rushing everything, grinding, non-stop. That's masculine. Feminine is very, very patient. The feminine doesn't care about time. The feminine cares about doing things when she feels prepared to do it. Doing things after she's been rested and doing things when she is in the right state of mind to be able to do it to her best of the ability. Not just doing it because she woke up today. Not just doing it because she has to read some type of productivity. That is not how the feminine operates. So in the ways in your life that you can control the speed and the timing and the productivity and you know all of the things that you're trying to be intentional about that you have control over. Practice patience and practice not being so goddamn hard on yourself. It not beating up on yourself because you've been groomed and you've been programmed to believe that your work is tied to your productivity. The feminine is not productive. The feminine is not here to produce. The feminine is here to create. The feminine creates in all different types of multitude. She doesn't just stay in one box. She'll go over here. She'll go over there. She'll double double there and where she'll double double. It might help her where it is that she's trying to go. But the feminine is not going to sit here and be like, oh you know, I'm in this season now and I'm not as productive and so therefore there's just something wrong with me. No, you have a season for a reason. Use that season to your benefit to just hone in on whatever it is that you need to focus on.
