FILE: v12044gd0000d5ej7dfog65j26ea5t00.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 450.2s
TRANSCRIBED: 90.9s processing
============================================================

Don't think of it as a sacrifice, think of it as an offering, because remember your body is the altar. They externalize your power and name that Jesus, but at the core you are God. So what you were doing in your self-mastery journey is that you were worshiping yourself by learning the aspects of yourself through the process of healing or expanding your nervous system. So when it comes to channeling, when you make these offerings, no one can actually tell you what you should be doing. It's all based on what you feel safe or what you feel aligned, accomplishment, accomplishing. So what that looks like is sometimes you'll get a urge that you absolutely know you don't want to partake in, but it does align with the urges that you are internally experiencing. So if you're in the process of manifestation and you are stepping into your new reality, you're taking your mindset to a new dimension of thinking, you have to act as if you are that being. You have to act as if you are the entity. Sidebar, this is why racism became so successful, because as soon as they painted God as a white man, then he took over the entire world. Now back track entire original conversation, once you step into that being, you take on its light form, which means that you will act, you will have the same urges, triggers and sensations. So for example, I can give you an example from my experience. Months ago, I was channeling this urge to smoke a cigarette. I have not smoked a cigarette in over 10 years. I quit very early on in a data code turkey. So that isn't really stored in my nervous system, so I'm not familiar with that. But I'm familiar with where I was or the frequency of my nervous system back when I was addicted to smoking tobacco. So instead what I did was I countered that because I made a counter offer because any time that you are in any state of worship, whether it's yourself or if you're a person who worships other entities in order to counter them, there must be a balance between what you're offering or what you're considering in this case of sacrifice. So the sacrifice would be me going ahead and getting that cigarette even though I know it doesn't align with who I am today. That was the old me. You got the urge to smoke. I'm going to go break down some tea. I'm going to break down that tea and I'm going to roll it up in a rose petal and then that is going to be your cigarette. Now give me my channel. The idea is not necessarily what you smoke as far as whether or not it is healthy. Again, I can't limit you to my personal idea of how to fulfill that sensation. But it's not necessarily about what you smoke with it's about the intention behind it. The chemical process that take place when you are actually inhaling a any sort of vapor because vapor etymologically you can connect that word to spirit. And what we are, the cycle that we are going through from the nine year over to the ten which is completion is the calling in of the Messiah that is all the healing work that we're doing. So everybody is on the collective healing journey for a reason because this is an aspect of our ascension as a people. So all of that corresponds to you healing your nervous system and in order for you to step into that new world or if you have a religious background in order for you to gain access to the kingdom of heaven then you have to walk as if you are actively having that experience which means that you have to do the things that you feel called to do in order to receive the information that will help you gain that access to the next dimension of the experience that you desire to have. But keep in mind these are these entities that you are channeling the information that you are challenging or channeling is coming from the one source and the one source is just your consciousness. So the thoughts you may have the information that you may process the feelings or sensations that you have is based on who you see yourself as when you're doing this type of work. This isn't related to anything else we're talking about manifestation here. So when you manifest you have the intent and then you make the aligned action and the action is aligned based on what your the capacity that you hold in your nervous system. So if your nervous system is rejecting the idea or if my nervous system was rejecting the idea to smoke a cigarette which it was, it was then I knew that I shake the way that I perceive smoking in and of itself because I understand the chemical process and how that helps to call in the divine feminine that the same way in sense herbs all of that is the essence that vapor is a conjuring element. However, because I knew that aspect of it metaphysically I was able to make certain sacrifice sacrifices in order to start channeling. So I so I instead my nervous system rejected the cigarette but it accepted the new neurological framing that I did around the idea of smoking and so I was able to channel a better alternative. So people aren't people aren't channeling better alternatives because they have calcified nervous systems and the density of your nervous system you don't get good quality like those. Think of this as your internet provider. When you get a smaller business more local, your connection on a 400 gig, a 400 megabyte plan is not going to give you the same quality of experience as a much larger company that could probably offer you one gig plans. Your connection isn't as good as choppy. The same light if you think of the advancement on technology we went from the TV with the static in it to a flat screen. So what you're channeling can either be the old school, not as advanced flat screen that was closer to the analogous age or you could get the better quality for K, UH, DX, XYZ, whatever they're calling it today. If that makes sense. So you're doing the work to heal your nervous system when it comes to your manifestation, in the spiritual realm, absolutely matters when it comes to what type of energy you'll be channeling, from within yourself.
