FILE: v12044gd0000d6ott0vog65uoarqq960.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 388.0s
TRANSCRIBED: 71.4s processing
============================================================

AI, spirituality, and the age of Aquarius. I'm gonna say this with my whole chest and I'm gonna say it loud for the people in the back. If you call yourself a spiritual content creator, if you call yourself an astrologer, and you're not trying to prepare everyone for what's on the fucking horizon, you're either finding bliss in your ignorance, in which case take a fucking seat the new road has no place for you, or you're willfully selling people a false sense of security. In which case shut the fuck up and sit down the new road doesn't need you. Everyone else, listen up and share this video everyone needs to know what's coming. Every single time that I've used astrology to look forward and predict global events they have came to pass, I'm not gonna sugar cook this. At most, you have a year to a year and a half to prepare for the new world. And are you thinking that you're super spiritual? It's not gonna protect you from this. The line between the people that have and the people that don't is about to become so much bigger than you could have ever possibly imagined. You've all been taught by the spiritual gurus and self-proclaimed astrologers that the age of Aquarius is gonna be amazing for you. It will be amazing for the people that were prepared for it to arrive, but not so amazing for those of you who weren't. And now I'm going to explain why. This is the culmination of 15 years of research for me. And now I'm going to bring it to you. And you will finally see how AI, spirituality and the age of Aquarius all tied together. But first, you need a foundation of knowledge, so I'm going to explain what has happened over the past 2000 years so that you can understand what's to come. About 2000 years ago, around the time of the birth of Jesus, the age of Pisces began. What most people don't tell you is it wasn't just the age of Pisces because astrology works on an axis. It was the age of Pisces slash Virgo. It's literally encoded in the story of Jesus in the Bible. I say that Jesus was born of a virgin. That's Virgo of the virgin. He was born in Bethlehem, which literally translates to House of Bread. Virgo is always depicted carrying a basket of bread. That basket of bread always has five loaves of bread in one of the most famous miracles Jesus every day was feeding the crowd of 5,000 with five loaves and two fish. Two fish is Pisces, five loaves, Virgo. I think I've made my point. Now for the past 2000 years, we've been in the age of Pisces and Virgo. Pisces represent spirituality and religion. Virgo is your day-to-day routine, your day-to-day life. But Virgo has also detailed control. Over the past 2000 years, those at the top have used religion and spirituality to control the day-to-day lives of everyday people. Look at all the atrocities that were committed over the past 2000 years in the name of religion. Those at the top operated in the dark to control you. Pisces is what's hidden. Virgo, like I said, is your day-to-day life. So your day-to-day life was controlled by people you couldn't even see. People you didn't even know existed. Now we are at the end of the age of Pisces and Virgo. Everything that you were seeing in the world right now is the last gasp of control from the age of Pisces. You're at the dome of a new age, the age of a Aquarius and Leo. Now you need to know what this means. Aquarius represents the collective technology and AI. Leo represents self, ego, and creation. When the surface this all sounds well in good, but you need to look deeper. In the age of Pisces and Virgo it was religion and spirituality that was used to keep people oppressed. In the age of a Aquarius it will not be religion. It will be technology and AI that is used to keep people oppressed. The age of Pisces and Virgo the only way to escape the religious control was to use the energy of Virgo to see what was right in front of your face to see every little detail. See that it wasn't religion that had control over you. It was the people that were controlling the religion. The only way to escape the oppression that's coming in the age of Aquarius is to use the energy of Leo to use yourself assuredness. Note who and what you are despite what everything else points to contribute to the collective. Rest of this year and in 2027 you're really going to start to see it. In astrology all the final pieces of the puzzle are falling into place. Party have Pluto and Aquarius we have Saturn and Neptune conjunct in airies and now we have Uranus moving into Gemini and April. This my friends is an astrological configuration that we haven't seen in 9,000 years. Not since humans went from hunter-gatherers to building civilizations. What makes this even bigger and solidifies everything else that I said is that the North Note is moving from Pisces into Aquarius and the South Note is moving from Virgo into Leo, activating that Aquarius Leo Axis. This will have major repercussions on the entire collective across the globe but it's also going to affect your individual life because Leo is the individual. And if you want to know what this means for you I highly suggest that you turn to your birthtor. Do you find out which the 12 houses in your birthtor you have airies, Aquarius, Gemini and Leo located? I'm going to continue to make videos on this if you have any questions leave it in the comments and I will respond. You're interested to know where airies Gemini Aquarius and Leo is located in your birthtor. I have a free birthtor calculator on my profile. And while you're there you can purchase the Bible of you or the all of you which are both coming with a free bonus reading that explains exactly what all this means for you as an individual. Along with an entire birthtor reading a numerology profile reading a Chinese zodiac reading and a manifestation reading which will tell you which type of manifestry you are out of the 144 different types give you 11 ways that you specifically manifest and the fastest, the most efficient way along with 11 things that will keep you from manifesting. The difference between the Bible of you and the all of you is that the all of you has three times more readings and three times more information. So all the readings I just named are three times bigger in the all of you. So along with that age of Aquarius reading birthtor reading is three times bigger than a numerology reading is three times bigger than the Chinese zodiac reading is three times bigger plus you'll get a comic debt reading, a love romance and relationship reading, a get that bad reading which will tell you how you're meant to get wealthy in the age of Aquarius according to numerology astrology and the Chinese zodiac. You'll receive a soul's mission reading which will tell you what your soul's mission is in specific steps you need to take to complete it in this lifetime. And the all of you comes with an astrology 101 course that will teach you how to read and understand astrology the same way I do. The all of you is by far the biggest package of readings that you can get from any astrologer online right now. Did I mention that I personally type out and email the Bible of you and all of you to you if you ever lose it just let me know and I can recent it to you. Right now both the Bible of you and all of you are discounted over $200 off but if you don't want reading just use the free birth chart calculator on my profile and use it to do your own research. If you use AstroSeek you can't write now it's been crashed by AI bots. My website is completely free from AI. You will find that free birth chart calculator on my profile and that's also where you can get a Bible of you or an all of you. It's time to prepare for what's coming in the age of Aquarius.
