FILE: v12044gd0000d6agbjnog65if3959ua0.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 571.4s
TRANSCRIBED: 85.2s processing
============================================================

I want to break down the Netsar route, which is the Egyptian Pantheon, and how it came to me. And basically what it showed me that, our what we call mythology, we learn that it's fake. Oh, it's fake made up stories I asked as this made up, and that's not really what it is. Mythology is the same thing that religion is. It's parable, it's hidden messages, and plain sight. And for the people that's not initiated, they don't understand it. But I woke up something in me, and I was able to get down those to understand it, very, very, very clearly. And if you familiar with the Egyptian religion, you are noticed that it's a story. I'm not going to go too deep into the deep story, but I'm just going to give a summarized version of it. It's a story of basically the god, which is the top god, a sard, which they know in Greek as Osiris. They say that basically he was having sex with his brother, said, wife, set was a way, he found out, he came back, he chopped his brother up into the 14 pieces, and the first eight one of the pieces, which was his foul is. And when that happened, his wife, which is Osiris, which the Greeks call Isis, they say that, she went around finding all his pieces, he put them back together, and this was the first mummification in Egyptian history. And when she put them back together, the only piece was missing was his foul is. Right, which most people would say was his penis. And once she put them back together or whatever, she went into the spiritual ramps, met with him, had sex with him, and the spiritual ramps, and got impregnated in the real physical ramp, which she was a virgin, so she had the first virgin birth, and his to be that was recorded, was Osiris, and she birthed her rule, which the Greeks call Horis, and when she birthed Horis, his job now became was to redeem his father and take the throne back from his uncle, which is said. Right, so he's go through his whole battle and fight with where he's asking his mother to help them, and he knows she got the power, and she said, no, you know, you got fight to own battle or whatever, and he chops a head off, like that's a part of it, in the story. Another part he loses the eye, then he uses to hook you, which is the god of wisdom to help him fight, and this isn't that sort of whole thing after the whole fight, he wins, and he redeems the kingdom, but he never kills said, he never kills him, he uses him, he allows him to become a part of his patty on, and said is a part of the patty on, right, that's the story, so what came to me and my download of what it really means is that that's all a story of the operation of the mind, and how the mind operates, and how the mind works, so if you really look at it, so what it really told me was a star, the father represents the oneness of all mind, because all mind always starts off as one, it's the beginning with it all starts off, that's right, one, so the one is, across the one that has sex with his brother, right, the one that has sex with everything, it emerges and then everything because it's one with all, so his brother is the ego, the perception of self, and the thing is, the perception of self is created to mind, to thought, and our thoughts is what types of the mind, so this is the mind getting chopped up into these thoughts in pieces, the one piece that was got lost, which is allows them to be creative, eternally, was the pineal gland, not a penis, it's the brain penis, because our pineal gland getting wrecked and it goes into the patrolments every gland, and it secretes this boy you would add that other than that, connect you to the gut, his brain sex is real, so this is the penis that was talking about, not no physical penis, because in an Egyptian pantheons, everybody was a SARS, even females, so how could you be a SARS as a female? If you don't have a penis, which you have, everybody have a brain penis, a pineal gland, so what it's talking about is all said is the subconscious, it's the emotion, it's the heart, why? Because the subconscious is the creative energy that creates everything, but it creates everything, but it never changes after it creates something, which means it stays a virgin, it stays pure, but then it also, it can't see, this is why ISIS was always well, because the heart can't see, this is why they say love is blind, because all it's connected to, this is how the heart works, but because when the mind is scattered, when the mind is going back to, not knowing who it is, it's the heart that brings it back, it's the vibration frequency, it's the frequency that knows who it is, already that brings it back, this is ISIS put in the pieces together, mummifying, giving you back eternal life, right? So who is the son of mine in heart? Mine in heart creates consciousness, her rule always represents consciousness, and consciousness is the thing that you must awaken. That's why he got stabbed in the eye, it was the one eye, the third eye that represents consciousness, the pineal gland, the part that allows you to live in your higher self. So what is consciousness fighting against? Set program, which they meet, Satan, the program is the unconsciousness, you have consciousness at the top, you have unconsciousness at the bottom, the bottom could be physical body, dense, low vibration, low vibrational mean negative, it just means that it's vibrating at a lower density. So a high vibration, consciousness could go within the low and the high, that's why it have to raise the low from the heart, a part of our self that thinks it's the sweet state, we raise the this is consciousness, basically regained in the throne. But then it says that when he was fighting, he cut his mother, paired off when he got angry. So this showed you that when you get angry, this is what this could let consciousness from eternal potentialality, which is the heart, which is the mother that gives on at births all. Everything squirt on quote came from this virgin energy. And then she has this virgin energy when it expressed within a physical body, it becomes never had, which is her twin sister, which is just what happened in the story to be said, wife. Why do that makes sense? Because the physical body has sex with feelings. We feel, but a feeling is not eternal. A feeling is a thought that has a body, which means it's a form. It have a belief on it already. So it's not all set. It's never had, which is a whole different energy. So then you think I, so when her room, which is consciousness, used to hoopsy to help them with that, to hoopsy represents rightful thinking, logical thinking, going with things yourself thinking, connecting to the infinite knowledge that you got within you. That's to hoopsy. Where is so hoopsy started in your physical body, because your ancestors already knew all that is knowledge. So that's why the hoopsy was considered the recorder. He records everything. So this whole thing is about you and how you operate. And when you really truly understand mythology from that perception, it's eternal. The same thing that meant back then it still means today, because the operation of the mind never changes. And on that note, share, like, and comment, which you think about this video. Peace and love.
