FILE: v12044gd0000d12vev7og65j7rv9aicg.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 535.8s
TRANSCRIBED: 102.1s processing
============================================================

Now, when we deal with light coals, and we deal with the intelligence of protons, neutrons, and electrons, what's happening is the aquarium age, due to its frequency, is revibrating our bodies into a new molecular form. So, everybody here has 66, which is six protons, six neutrons, and it's electrons. What's happening inside the black people is we're actually losing five neutrons. Now, if you deal with chemistry, you know that the atoms rarely lose neutrons. They usually give off electrons. So, what's happening is we're going from six protons, six electrons, six neutrons, to six protons, six electrons, and one neutron. So, we're going to become less dense, our lighter bodies. Hence, the soul is going to be less captivated in this physical prison. Now, why is this important? Why people cannot make this conversion? And this is why every 57 seconds one European is dying from some cancer, because their bodies are not able to reconstruct themselves on a molecular scale, because they're not a natural part of the created. And this is how the planet Earth is weeding out who belongs and who doesn't belong here. So, outside of this process, being itself important for why you should become alkaline, so that you don't burn and suffer the same fate as the European. But also so that you can download the information purely from like aka light codes and be able to exist in this new frequency of information that we're being predicated of. I mean, I predicated that we're being predominantly, that we're about to predominantly be ruled by. For the next 2,000 to 60 years. So, understanding and importance of light itself, the sun is in the sky. Every day, and you pay no attention, but yet it governs 1,000 percent of everything you do every day. You get your thoughts from the sun. Your body is connected to the sun. Don't believe me, go look up a disease called solar paralysis. It's a disease where whenever the sun goes down by 12 AM or midnight, people literally become paralyzed and they're not able to function until 12 AM the next day. We're the sun of that disease, which is the highest point in the sky, because everybody loses their connection to the sun. So the sun is literally the reason you walk every day. You get your, just like your bad, your phone runs off the battery, your body runs off the sun. This is why you right here, your foreshark or your solar plexus, solar system, so those of your hands, this is why the palms of your hands are light, because it's electrical charges constantly being inputted and outputted out of the hands. You can close your eyes and put your hand in front of your face like this. And after while you're filled, the electromagnetic field, everything is like coding. This is what you call the ethanol plane. That's what you cannot see, but we know to exist and can be tied into physically manipulate. And if you are sensitive enough, you can actually feel it. So that being said, the more alkaline you are, it can either more electrical charge or conducting, the more power you have to reconstruct or interact with the electromagnetic grid of all forces or objects, all objects having electromagnetic grid. And if you're alkaline enough, you can tap into it and interact with it. And black people have the most, uh, with the most conductive, we have the most conductive vehicles as souls. The melanated body is the number one, is the number one conductor of electricity. Like I said, Europeans can't even absorb all colors. They only can see some colors. Black people, we can see the entire colors in the electromagnetic spectrum. Don't believe me, go look it up. We don't only people just go on Google, type in electromagnetic spectrum and hit images and look at how big it is and then know that as a black person, you absorb all of that 100% harm free. And then look at the, the part that says visible light spectrum and know that Chinese people, European people are all not Africans, can only absorb that one little section. And out of the visible light spectrum, white people can't even absorb all the colors. They don't even see all the colors we see. So just like they say dogs, it's color blind. They don't see all the colors and certain animals color blind. Europeans don't see all the colors either. Black people are the only people who see the complete color of the, all, all the, uh, the all the thousands of colors of the electromagnetic spectrum. So understand when it comes to light colors, black people, we must begin to digest this information from the cosmos directly. We must cut the middle man. You eat food because food carries photons. When sunlight hits your garden, those photons become, uh, absorbed in the sea, the sea grows into a tree which bears the fruit. And when you eat the alkaline fruit, aka the electrical charge fruit, your body digest, not just nutrients and elements, but information. But once you become alkaline, you can perform what is called human photosynthesis. Which if you go get this book called human photosynthesis, it's broken down scientifically step by step how this is actually done. And in this book, it will confirm that if your body is electrically charged enough, you can cut the food off, which is the middle man and get the photons picked from the sun because you're only eating food to absorb photons. You drink water for it for its electrons and you eat food for its photons. But if you are alkaline enough, you can just drink water and get your electrons. I mean, use the electrons in the water to keep yourself healthy and keep your body from overheating and absorb the photons picked from the sun. We are the human plants. And this is called human photosynthesis. Everybody go look at this, which you call being a breathitarian. And but you can't be a breathitarian unless you're melanate. You can go look this up. They got a melanated person in India who hasn't eaten for 62 years. They did a scientific test on his digestive system and it proved that he had not digested the food for 62 years. So they showed you what I'm trying to tell you. The proof is in the put and we are the guys. We must come up all the Europeans psychological imprint and our brains that we are dependent upon this mother fucker to live. The cosmos has already gave us the authority to rule. We must start training ourselves mentally, physically and spiritually to get back into place of rule. So with that being said, I'm not going to make this video too long, but I need to understand the importance of light codes. So before I go to point, this video is what? One, you digest information directly from sunlight. And different locations on the planet Earth, aka this way, you need to study lay lines, key lines, dragon lines, all the same things, different terminologies of the same thing, aka the Earth's shocker points on the line. All these frequencies are important because they give off certain levels of intelligence. Now for two, how do we notice this to be important? Look up the DNA salamander frog effect. It's called the DNA Phantom effect, type and DM it, DNA Phantom effect, salamander and frog. You can get the book, watch the video or just google it. Whatever, this shows improves that light actually stores information. And then for three, understand that you eat food for information. Not because you hungry, not because you're greedy. You're supposed to be eating for the soul. You eat food in order to digest both times. But if you become out of line enough and spiritually present enough, you can perform human photosynthesis and get the full time spray from the sun to get the information straight from the sun. So when you meditate, try to do in sunlight, preferably around 12 o'clock because the sun is most highest in the sky. And why is that important? That's when it's giving off the most information. Period. It's giving off the, you're supposed to be digesting information all day. And then at night, you're supposed to be processing information. This is why Sarah told in his release during the day, and Melatonin is released in a brain during the night. So, understand family, it's melanated. Black, my black guys and goddesses, we are the most advanced pieces of technology. The world has ever had the pleasure of us walking upon. So understand that we have to get back to our true sales and our true knowledge. We have to get back to light. We have to get back to the cosmos. You're here to say this all the time. Melonid is condensed sunlight, okay? Melonid is the physical sponge, which is to absorb its cosmic self. So just like sponges absorb water, melanate absorb sunlight. It is also proven to quantum physics that water is intelligent in the whole's memory. Electricity and magnetism in sunlight is intelligent in the whole's memory. So when you absorb it, you have to be in a location on a planet Earth to where this level of light is strong enough to awaken those genes in you. So imagine that your DNA that they call junk DNA is just your garden during the winter time. It's not dead. It's just dormant. Our DNA is dormant. And it can only be activated when we're at certain geographical points on the planet Earth to absorb certain amounts of light. Now the query and age is bringing in enough light to no matter where you are on the planet Earth, your DNA will be awakened for the most part. So understand the importance of this query and age and understand the importance of light codes. And with that being said, family, if you don't change your diet, you might as well skip this video right now because it does not apply to you. So get out the line, become a plant, a human plant like you are, and absorb the frequencies of the sun, and a lot of creator to upgrade you, and allow the molecular structure that's changing within you to have an easier time adjusting to the frequency of the poor dimension because you're on an alkaline diet instead of eating meat and causing yourself to be junk. If you're out of it,
