FILE: v12044gd0000d11q0mnog65t9cvue5ng.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.98)
DURATION: 432.5s
TRANSCRIBED: 71.2s processing
============================================================

This video right here is about a carbon 12. Now if you don't know, a carbon 12 is the current atomic formula in which we are all melanated beings are being reconstructed to at this current time at this very second, as I speak, as you watch this video. Now assume that you watch my video Unified Field in the Solar Accention during this day when I'm coming from. Now that being said, everything in the universe, all physical matter in the universe is made up of carbon 12, the carbon 14, that those two carbons will primarily, carbon 12, makes up 99.9% of all matter in the universe. Now what's happening is the sun is hotter right now in recorded history than it's ever been in recorded history. And what it's doing is it's even in photons at a level which is so high in its vibration. That is actually actually causing physical reality to speed up as we know it. So anybody that knows anything about carbon radiodeating and how they rate things based upon how many electrons they give off, which I did, which I broke down my video energy prison. You know that scientists are actually no longer the date, no longer able to accurately date the architectural findings because things are decaying so fast. So what's actually happening is the sun is causing atoms to break down at a faster rate. Reality as we know it is actually speeding up. Now why is this important? Usually when an atom wants to become a non-redoactive, it gives off an electron. Whether sun is so hot, it's actually opening up another frequency of density, which I'm going to be breaking down in the next video I post and regards to our DNA and density levels and DNA strength is become a lot due to density levels in the sun. So what that being said, the atoms are actually becoming less dense so at a higher rate of vibration. So this vibration, so high the atom can't even give off an electron in order to become non-redoactive as it gives off five neutrons. So right now when you hear everybody saying, oh, it's the chemical formative melanin-six proton-six neutron-six electrons, that's carbon-six, molecular structure. Right now, carbon-six-six protons, six electrons, and one neutron. So that's actually giving away five neutrons. Anybody who studied science studies atoms, that shit is crazy. atoms never give away a neutron. This is like a rarity. So for that to happen, this shows you the stream, the heat that the sun is actually manifesting or shining on a planet Earth in our physical period, that's the reality. Now, how does carbon-six relate to the aquarium in the sun? Because the aquarium age is the age of spiritual enlightenment. Now, your soul is an extension of the solar system, the sun. So that being said, you are a piece of electrical intelligence which inhabits the body and controls it through its nervous system for designated amount of time. Now, the soul, as we know, is imprisoned by the body. So the body actually limits the soul with ability to express itself on this period. Due to the density of the body. Now, the shoppers are actually the spiritual valve which contain and help the soul input it output energy from the solar system onto this physical realm. So what's happening is, in this age of light, because the sun is traveling 70,000 kilometers, aka 1307 miles per second, around the galaxy. Every 2,000 to 1,000 to 1,000 years, we enter a different zodiac house. So for 2,000 to 1,000 to 1,000 years, we are in the eyes of the Pisces. Now we're coming to the age of the queries. Remember, zodiacs, zodiacs are constellations that form a particular pattern at the sun, passes through one's travel around the galaxy. It takes us 24,000 to 29,000 to 20 years to travel around the galaxy. Remember, each star is actually a sun. So these stars, aka the query in age, I mean the query, the query in zodiacs sign. For the next 2,000 to 160 years, it's going to be influencing the physical and mental totality of all consciousness on the planet. Now when we talk about physical, we have to understand that physical reality is designated by sunlight. Depending upon the degrees of the sun or the amount of electromagnetic waves that are constantly coming in contact with organisms, determines the physical manifestation of that organism as well as the density level of the atmosphere realm of the planets that those organisms live on. The density level of the query in age for the next 2,000 to 60 years is going to be lighter because the frequency is so high. So that being said, all physical organisms are going to have to become less dense in order to survive. Now Europeans cannot make this shift. This is why they're getting sun cancer and they're dying, that's such a high rate because anatomically, they cannot become restructure because they only, their stuck identities level one, which I break down in the video I'm getting ready to make called light evolution. So that being said, when we deal with a carbon 12 because I'm trying to stay on point without going off. When we deal with, I mean, carbon 7, carbon 7 is the physical atomic structure of your spiritual cooling energy. Now, you have thousands of shockers, we're not going to that, we're going to the 7 main shockers that's in the body. You have the first group shocker all up to the six shocker is from the right side of the body, which is protons, masculine, and different to left side of your body, which is electrons feminine. So positive and negative, remember doesn't mean good or bad, it means masculine feminine. So the first seven shockers are actually masculine and female, aka proton and electron oriented. The seventh shocker, which is your crown shocker, is actually neutral. I mean neutral. So why is the fourth carbon 7 is the physical manifestation of the shocker system. So your body is actually biologically decomposing itself to fit the soul in a more fitted and suited manner in order for it to exist in a physical body for the next 2,000 or 160 years and what we call the age of Aquarius. So six protons, six electrons, one neutral, is the physical formula for carbon 7. You have six, the first six shockers are masculine orientated by 50% the other six shock. I mean the other 50% of them, six shockers, is feminine orientated. So 50% of your shockers are run by protons, the other 50% are run by electrons and then you have the one neutral shocker, which is the crown shocker, which all of those energies actually exited out of the crown in the skull and commute back to the atmosphere. So once again, your body is actually becoming biologically recomposed to house yourself, which is the soul in a manner to which it's able to actually physically express itself. Once again, this is the age of spiritual enlightenment, the age of ascension. So biologically, we are ascending into our light cells, which I'm going to go into once again in my video card light evolution, I'm going to go ham. So don't worry about it, family. I'm gonna break it all down with the DNA. But with that being said.
