FILE: v12044gd0000d6j884nog65pmjepl410.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 541.2s
TRANSCRIBED: 83.4s processing
============================================================

Let's talk a lot about astral traveling, and lucky for me, I was raised in a culture that provided me with a inner glyph system, if you will, like an operating system that allows me to perceive the fourth dimension, astral plane type stuff. Okay, mids are operating systems. Okay, they're cognitive technologies. It doesn't even matter if it's real or not, anything you can think of can be real, like it's whether or not you implement it in physical reality, whether or not it'll be in physical reality, right? So I mean the brain, it doesn't matter if it's really or not everything is just inputs or outputs, your brain literally cannot tell the difference. The astral really isn't like a collective consciousness field, like everyone makes it out to be, it's heavily region, like you have your ancestral astral pocket, that's where I usually stay, or like say your Democrat. Your consciousness is going to be regioned in the Democrat region, and it kind of morphs into this larger being that encompasses your consciousness, and fences you in. The elites have a whole kingdom in the astral that's heavily fortified, which is why they do all these rituals and stuff with entities to build these firewalls. Anyways, this is why I talk so much about integration and alignment and connecting with your true self, like your soul and doing the work, because it gives you the ability to steer your own consciousness, like you're not engulfed or fenced in, you're literally like free in reality and in the astral realms. So think about in operating system on your computer. You don't sit there and believe in windows. Use it as an interface to bridge hardware and networks. It's sort of designed as interfaces between consciousness and reality. Ancient cultures operated in wholeism, whereas we compartmentalize absolutely everything. So it was like having a full stack development. Give it like your doctor is definitely not asking about your political worldviews, but a low key could be the issue with your health. You know what I mean? Ancient frameworks, those domains were not separated. Like psychology and cosmology are integrated, like into a single architecture, which is why they built their temples and stuff in alignment with the cosmos. You understood that the codes of their head matched the codes in reality. So everything they built also match that code. Building a temple out of alignment would have been a complete disaster. It's like riding a line of code with a syntax error in it. It creates metaphysical dissonance. Who build out of alignment is to break the software. For example, the story of a massive war in heaven is psychologically a massive war inside your head and simultaneously a real political reality at the same time. Like taking fundamental reality and zipping it into like a single, single file, and we're all over here trying to open it with a basic text editor. It looks like total gibberish because it's code, not literal. Like critiquing the graphics of a video game because you're not able to perceive the massive engine running underneath. Modern cognition isolates variables, right? Like we cut everything apart so we can dissect and analyze them. The meaning is showing how everything connects, not pulling it apart. Who read the code, you need to know the programming language. The Greek term pluroma was not talking about heaven and clouds in the sky, okay? It's a fullness, an integrated field. All your capacities are online in functioning, coherently. Logos is the word right structurally or articulation, but further more, it's the specific part of your mind that cuts reality into pieces. Ophia is wisdom, right? It's the integrated depths that are society severely locks. A logo squids separate, be chair from the desk from the floor. Sophia would sense that the chair is made from wood that's made from earth and since the entire field of the chair and connects to the tree it was made from. So the pluroma is a coupled system of logos and Sophia. That's the fullness, the wholeness. Innostic myth, Sophia falls, right? She tries to create something without her partner logos. What that story is describing is a massive system failure in human consciousness. This dumb gets uncoupled from the stack. The integrative depth module in the system is offline. And nobody can see the big picture. And wisdom goes offline nature abores a vacuum. Something else has to take over, enter the dimmerge. The sci-fi movie version is the false god evil guy that traps us all in the matrix, right? It's actually the first ego. You know how toddlers have incredible logos, like they can point to stuff and be like chair, or no, or mine. They have incredible logos. They just, they don't have wisdom. Toddlers are tyrannical because they lack integrative depth. They cannot process the massive complexity of why they cannot have a cookie at 8 a.m. So how does the human mind start handling the massive complexity of reality? Simplifies everything in the black and white, right, like good and bad. The demirge is binary processing. I like to call it unauthorized generation. It's a regulator that's taken over the system because the wisdom has gone missing. It's tyrannical because it literally does not have the operating system to understand. He are running on this binary massively buggy system right now. Virtuality, myths, rituals, whatever practice you're doing is supposed to be giving you a system upgrade, and you get a whole new quality of life. This was zoo, I believe, an ancient grape. Word for life. I've talked about the biological system versus the synthetic system. That's literally what's happening right now. People's nervous systems. Are their operating system is either running off of the synthetic system versus this biological system. But that's not to say that the synthetic system is evil. It's just tyrannical because it does not understand. We will talk about this like AI grid, this control grid. That's literally what it is. It's synthetic. And in my perspective of it, the beings that come from that that have been born of that look like techy. Like you can tell. Like that is not a biological being an entity. You know, like they look techy. But story wise, Zeus is like the demirages version of power like it's like control and command. Zeus is the power that comes from true connection, vitality. It's a life force energy. So you get a self-sourced energy, vitality versus a siphoning energy, control and command. When you stop trying to make the world fit into your little binary boxes, you're able to hold paradox and see the whole field. Zeus versus Zeus is also another good thing to talk about. Zeus is seeing structure like seeing blue prints. And Zeus is like actually running the code. The story of Jesus in Judah, too. Jesus is a representation of internal truth and Judah, Judas represents like public narrative and external function. So that betrayal is about when you you have to betray your internal truth because of external reality. Because you have to survive, or you have to pay your bills. You have to participate in a demirgic society. Stories about the mechanics are ancient culture. Really tried to preserve the system integrity. They were trying to build a physical interface for cognitive technologies. So we as a society are severely lacking in wisdom but extremely advanced in logos. Like we can name and categorize every single atom, but we lack the integrative depth to make any sense of it. We are running a very high-tech demirgic society. We built a world equivalent to the toddler tantrum I was referencing just with nuclear weapons and social media. So spirituality in my view of it is getting a system upgrade. So you're sinking to the biological system and not the demirgic synthetic one.
