FILE: v12044gd0000d12paanog65q58t4lm8g.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 387.5s
TRANSCRIBED: 63.6s processing
============================================================

thing I want you to specifically research is, they took DNA from a frog, okay, an unhatched frog at that. They put it inside of a machine and they took a concentrated laser. Now, if you don't know what the laser is, laser is just like concentrated. So instead of light just being everywhere, like a flash light, a laser is just taking all that flash light and then concentrating it into a beam. Now, what they did was they hit the beam with photons. They hit the DNA with photons. The photons were intelligent, were so intelligent that the photons immediately took the shape of the frog DNA. They took the frog DNA out of the machine. The photons still held onto the information and the shape of the frog DNA. Now, they took this spectrum of light, placed it into another machine and skipping the experiment long story short. These photons eventually literally manifested. I mean, as they took this light, they removed the frog. They removed the frog out of the machine. They took these photons and they took these photons and they beamed it onto another set of eggs that were um, salamanders, eggs. And what happened was these salamander eggs immediately turned into frog eggs. So, the photons, the photons, the rays of light, that initially came a contact with the frog DNA during DNA-pants and effect were intelligent. Where microscopic, uh, tangible pieces of intelligence held onto this information from the DNA absorbed it, contained it within the magnetism of the spectrum of light and transferred it onto the species or the DNA genetic DNA material that it had never came in contact with and literally manipulated the electromagnetic field of this piece of DNA took and verdict and make it become that which it just previously came in contact with. So, they using light to literally reconstruct the magnetic field of beings. They are literally creating beings out of thin air. You can say, they took light. I won't try to understand what they did. They took light, hit frog eggs with it, allowed the photons to mimic the uh, genetic order of the frog eggs. Remove the frog eggs DNA, hit the salamander eggs with it and the salamander eggs became frog eggs. Because the light transferred and carried the information. So, it shows you that light stores, carries, and transfers information. Now, why it doesn't pour in? Because imagine the information that the sun itself is trying to give you. It is a fact that the sun is intelligent. This ain't no, uh, conspiracy. This is proven. The sun is voice activated. Go look up the electromagnetic, the electromagnetic spectrum of the sun and go to the radio frequency section of the sun. You'll see that is radio, uh, which I'm going to call it, carrying sound messages. The sun is voice activated. So, imagine what the creator is trying to say to you that you're not downloading through the light codes. Imagine how much more powerful you would be if you lived closer to the equator or closer to a different spectrum of light. So, understand that when you're dealing with um, light codes and information, this is why it is important to sungates. So, that you can get information directly from the creator. And I just let you allow the cosmos to awaken those dormant DNA genes that you had. So, as I gave the analogy with the plant, plants go to sleep when they're outside of sunlight. Your genes go to sleep when they're outside of a, outside of specific amount of sunlight. So, when you want to unlock these codes in your DNA, you have to use light. This is called light coding. Remember, light is electricity and magnetism. Electricity and magnetism is scientifically proven to carry store and transfer information. So, all it is light. Think about it. Why did they measure the distance between suns by light years? Because this tells you the distance and amounts of information that each spectrum of let's say the galaxy that you may be trying to pinpoint existed. So, we might be light years ahead of another galaxy. We might be light years behind. When we deal with light years, we're dealing with years of information. Because there's no such thing as time in the universe anyway. So, now you have to understand. When we deal with light codes, black people should be the first people outside trying to run their sungaze wherever they are to digest the information but for the most part, awake in their genes. So, the reason you go alkaline, it's like watering a plant. You watering your body. You watering your body to prepare it to be able to vibrate high to master frequency of the sun. And then once you get there, the next step is to sungaze like a plant. So, that you can unlock your genes and they can do what they were coded to do. So, you water your plant and the plant gets sunlight it grow. You alkalize your body. That's like watering a plant. And then you sungaze. That's like the plant gets sunlight. And your DNA becomes no longer sleeping in the wakeings and you grow genetically and in an informational scale. So, understanding the importance of light codes family, it is important. I cannot stress this enough. This is why the European is outside making these artificial clouds which I'm going to break down in my video about technical technology. This is why they're doing what they call a cloud CD. This is why they're using chemtrails that block out the sun. Don't believe me. Every time it's hot in the sunny outside, by eight o'clock, nine o'clock where you live, by one o'clock, I guarantee you this cloud's covering up the sun because you're trying to stop the new age of information literally. This is when they say, oh, you're in the age of a queer, you're in the age of information. That is literally true. It doesn't make this shit up. We in a whole, another spectrum of light. We in a whole, another spectrum of information, which is in the favor of melanated beings. And also, we're going through a period of what I call the carbon cleanse where the planet is heating up. Just like when your body got a fever and then he'd up to get rid of the death, the disease, the planet Earth is lowering its magnetosphere. So, electromagnetic fear in order to allow pure spectrums of like eight photons in to reorganize and reconstruct the molecular structure of all melanin. And if you don't have the natural melanin, the natural level of melanin, which is neural melanin, that's needed to exist on this planet, you will be eradicated through what is called sun cancer or melanonia because your body won't be able to perform what is called ultra-fast internal conversion. Now, when we deal with light coals, then we deal with what they need to talk about.
