FILE: v15044gf0000d69tesvog65gi1scc840.MP4
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 573.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 84.4s processing
============================================================

Why is the world falling apart? Let's talk about it. All right, the reason the world's falling apart is because physics and What you would call spirituality are just two ways of looking at the same thing occurring okay? What we call science is just the analytical Unemotional humanity removed from occurrences. You take humans out of the picture. What is okay? Well, the opposite side of the spectrum is is just the feeling just that interpretation just that version just that side of the spectrum That's why a science has a lot of trouble Figuring out and discovering you know how to do all of these things like what psychic and psychic kinetic whatever the fuck Psychic abilities psychoconetic abilities ESP, you know, astro-projection Channeling all this shit is literally still physics guys. Okay, so Now it works both ways so as you see using physics to do it We'll guess what things that have happened still physics, but you might view it on that side of the spectrum like some magical occur and so or some I'll like beyond the science thing. It's not all beyond science guys. It is just science. Okay. The translation we have for this type of stuff is that oh It's woo, woo, it's magic. It's not it's not math and science and all these other things. It is okay Your definition for that information has just become something in which you have decided that there's no proof for okay, but there is proof for it And so as this time comes closer, right the physics is still a play The polls are shifting the bit rate of the earth is reaching the very end of its pendulum swing We've been swinging in this one direction for so long eventually the weight of it the weight of everything is Want to be so much that it can't go any further in it must start coming back. That's why you're seeing all of these people like the Epstein files and you're watching all of the largest most Evil corrupt Fucking disgusting behavior type people. It's all coming out because it's they can't they you're collapsing into their own weight Right they literally cannot keep going let me look at it They've gone as far as they could they got they got their petal file buddies in the White House What what more can you do you're running the country? Still can't do a proper that you're right and it's all of these things and so now Use the human being the citizen are starting to realize oh why am I paying taxes to the people why am I working this shitty job? Why can't I do this why can't I do that? Oh, be just because some asshole told me well that asshole And those people who tell you that you can't do these things are blah blah blah blah blah are the same people who are doing the most awful versions of these things behind your back Okay, so like the priests that touch kids or The politicians that steal money or I mean all like literally anything Republicans who Are going to fuck over other white poor people because that's all Republicans are and if you're not a white poor person and you're a Republican Then obviously you're a rich white person and if you're not either of those you shouldn't be a Republican shouldn't be a Democrat either right both of them fucking suck Right, they just gave you two bad options and you thought you had a choice That's not true, okay, but the good thing is is that that is all collapsing because inherently Intrinsically those things are not stable. They are not cohesive. So it doesn't matter how much power they get They will never be able to maintain or hold it because they are Intrinsically Not doing these things for their own benefit and understanding that doing the things the benefit for the people is what will end up Benefining them they've just been taking taking taking ever since around right after World War II Okay, notice what country came to be and 1947 think about it Right, this is all occurring and also that country that you know People don't want to name Is blah blah blah blah, is Literally they the reason that that thing even came to be right even. No, let's talk about it How is real came to be All right Well in 19 and then right after World War II the English and Whoever was occupying the Palestinian state Basically promised the land to like 40 different people or an entities and so then after that they were like, okay And then all those people have been fighting over and most people who are Israeli Are actually just Polish people and check the Sabaki and people. Why do you think they're all white? Okay Those aren't real Jewish people and what's even funnier and this is where it gets really into the conspiracy is that if I someone took a someone took a 23 in need DNA test But instead of doing it we human DNA they swabed them out for their bearded dragon and they sent it in and it came back to his Ashkenazi It's because they have some DNA that you may not understand like our age blood Our age negative blood right our negative blood is very interesting because if you're our age positive That means that you have this certain Moniker I guess of this simple way to describe it That we can use and know that that comes specifically from you being evolved from primates or that you're DNA coming from Primate DNA now obviously we didn't evolve from primates. Okay. We were genetically modified and if you haven't figured that out come on Dude literally what the fuck That's why if you have if you ever notice like really religious people will save we are so complex it must be by design. That's true That's true There's not like there are certain parts of us that Naturally would have evolved but by that evolving it would have made it to where the other thing that we have couldn't have been Right like at at a point We would have chosen one or the other and evolved into it and by doing that we would have inherently Evolved things that would have made the other thing not possible, but we have both so as if oh, okay This was chosen and purposely put here really cool stuff also Guys psychic unit it like all these abilities that people talk about that they they call superhuman are not superhuman. Okay. It's just through Geometric pressure and unlocking of certain parts of your DNA, right and that DNA those expressions allow Information to move suit through certain paths and certain geometries that allow to speed up slow down and therefore have this effect You only use two percent of your DNA Most people right and Especially with all the process food and shit like that You're probably not even using that much So there's 98 the thing of all the things you can do right think of all the things that you're capable of and now imagine if that was times 50 and that's What you should be able to be able to do and There is ways to unlock these parts of your DNA using Energy and Pressure and angle and all these intensity and all these things and you can unlock your DNA What's really interesting though is that the idea of deadpool is kind of like this the same way that they give him that stuff and then they have to basically Put his body through an extreme amount of stress and Pressure psychological pressure physical pressure and then it is supposed to what make their genes express make this whatever Whatever part of their DNA that they're trying to mutate to express itself in then therefore give them an ability Okay, that's still that's literally how it works the same way that people Getting no car accident become a savant or the same way that people take You know they go through some extreme experience and then afterwards they're completely different but they have these new abilities That's literally what's occurring physically So nonetheless also making a sub-stack right now and I'm just gonna drop all the documents on it And I'm gonna make it like 14 bucks a month and you guys instead of having to pay for each document or whatever kind of bullshit I'm just gonna have all the documents and I think before I start it before I put out the link I'm gonna put I'm gonna have like nine up there. So normally I was selling those things for like what Anywhere from 11 to 44 dollars just what $14 a month that's nine right there and I'm gonna drop one a week and then I will also I'm gonna Have Where you guys can ask you guys can submit topics and I will make whole videos and I'll make whole documents on it for you So that you can Understand in each week. I will have a dedicated video on this new document in topic and then plus whatever else I decided to do but there will be a designated like spot for these types of questions where I will spend I will spend an hour talking about it and I will go through it and I'll have the list of questions that you'll give and I'll give the document that you know helps provide proof as to why this is occurring and how it works Okay, right now YouTube's rendering. I think I might go live so But if you start noticing the things are going a little bit of rye in your life. It's literally because you the The bit rate of the earth is raising and that means you have to too and what that means is that it's causing you to speed up And if you're not cohesive you're gonna it's gonna feel like shit's falling apart It's gonna feel like you're grinding against the dirt So that's why I've been telling you this whole month. Hey get your shit ready Right like book a call. I'll help you fucking you know whatever. I would say DM me, but that's long gone But yeah, I mean even me look you see me going through it Right and I'm I knew it was gonna happen and I'm still going through it. It's always like things are gonna come out of the woodwork and then from Probably this week into mid March. I would say is gonna be rough. Watch the world collapse. Okay, watch it watch it. Watch it.
