I'm about to tell you the best entry model for when to enter a trade and I don't even think it's debatable. So check it out. Is it retracement to a Fibonacci? Is it buying inside a fair value gap? Is it waiting for a discount? Is it buying a supply zone? No, it's none of those. So let me tell you the story of William O'Neill, a young analyst who by the way, if you haven't read this book, How to Make Money in Stocks, almost all the top stock traders are students of William O'Neill. I'm talking to guys who actually win the National Stock Investing Championships. They all use variations of this strategy. They're verified in same returns, all using the same entry model for the most part. So check it out. William O'Neill was a young analyst, financial analyst, and he came across this fund firm called Dreyfus that was putting up crazy numbers. It was insane, eye-popping, it was crushing, it was growing so fast. And he was able to find their trades and chart all their trades. And he found something very interesting. They were always buying only, only new all-time highs. That's the entry model. Only buy new all-time highs. New all-time highs. How is that the entry model? Well, we're going to come back to that in a moment, but imagine that you're buying low prices. You're trying to buy a discount. Well, there's thousands of stocks you can pick from. There's thousands of crypto that you can pick from. How do you sort through all this and say, this one is at a discount and it's going to go back up? And what happens when it keeps going lower? It becomes more attractive and more attractive and it's cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. Well, the problem is of all these thousands of, in tens of thousands of, hundreds of thousands of assets that you could buy, a lot of them actually do go to zero. Companies go bankrupt. They go to business. And also, cryptos go to zero. Not so many make new all-time highs. So by only buying new all-time highs, what you're doing is you're creating a filter. Okay? It's a screener at the same time. Because if you only buy new all-time highs, you will always be in the trends of these things that just go straight up. Otherwise, you're like, how do I get into this thing? It's too late. Well, if you bought a new all-time high, you're in those things that go up like crazy. And you're never in the things that are going to zero because they don't make new all-time highs. It's a screener because it's long only and you're only long the strongest assets because only the strongest assets make new all-time highs. So it saves you. If you want a really simple system, you just screen for new all-time highs and you just buy new all-time highs. It doesn't make you feel smart because you're always kind of going with the crowd. But buying all-time highs and buying high prices is the simplest and most elegant entry model because it's also a screener. So if you want to see my version of how we do this, comment MTP down below and I will send you more info.