I'm going to give you a four year college level trading education in three minutes, four free. If you want to be a profitable trader, if you're starting or if you've been at it a long time and you're struggling, you could work out at a hundred years and never get there if you're doing the wrong things. It's like being a surgeon and trying to just start by cutting open bodies when you go and just start gambling in the market. You're not doing the right things and you'll never get there. Now I've never found a course that I can recommend but I can recommend books. I've read many. I want to give you a reading list and a final project. Save this and come back to this. I do not sell a course by the way. I sell trading systems big difference but everything else I give away for free. If you can only read one book, start with this book. Trust me, the complete turtle traded by Michael W. Covell. If you do not have the wherewithal to read books, you should not even be trading. It's way too competitive. It's the most competitive environment in the entire world because it's the most money it's take. The Market Wizard series by Jack D. Schweiger. This is going to give you the ability to sample a wide range of strategies and markets from different areas. Read all these Market Wizard books. Fundamental books I can recommend when money dies is a hyperinflation period in Y. Marj Germany around World War I between World War II. The creature from Jackal Island learn about the Federal Reserve, the Bitcoin standard, learn about money and how money works and what Bitcoin is. Devil Take the Hindmost is a great book on Booms and Buss and why the markets never change because human nature never changes. Big debt crisis, textbook by Rae Dalio. We're in about how credit cycles affect stock market crashes and how monetary policy affects the markets. The Black Ceylon by Nassim Taleb. This is a great book on Quant Trading. Although no coding in this one. Coding you're on your own for that one. I don't have a good book for that. One good trade, a look inside Prop firms, actual Prop firms. Psychology Super Trader by Van Therk. How about I wear them losing a million dollars and trading in the zone. If you want good stock books read just this one. This is the best one. Nicholas Darvus. How I made two million dollars in the stock market. Also good, William O'Neill is the grandfather of all these guys who win the National Stock Champions. Championships like Mark Minervini or Oliver Kell and also Stan Weinstein. Now your final project would be to build a trading system, computer test it and back test it. Okay, again save this, come back to this and send this to a friend who's interested in trading and see if they're still interested in trading after watching this video. Appreciate you all much love and let me know in the comments when you've read these books, come back to me, we can talk about it.