going to explain to you the high net worth strategy called by borrow die. This is something wealthy people do to grow their wealth uninterrupted while paying less taxes legally, avoiding paying a bunch of taxes. This isn't a way to get rich but it's an idea of what you can do as you're wealthy become more wealthy and what you can do in the future. So taxes, I mean it's just legal game, right? And if we all went to schools and libraries and hospitals, by the way I'm up here at the hospital, pretty rad hospital, I would be really stoked to pay taxes but a lot of it goes to blowing up hospitals in the Middle East. So I mean there's various reasons you might not want to pay as much taxes. So check it out. The concept by borrow die by you buy liquid assets, A plus assets that are accepted as collateral, you can borrow against them at a lower interest rate than the growth of that asset and you can die without paying the asset or paying the loan off. Okay? So just to give you examples, the number one collateralized asset for this is S&P 500 ETF. Spy. Okay? You can borrow maybe 60% against it and pay around a 5% interest rate. So if you have a million dollars of spy, you could borrow $600,000 up to potentially and pay 5% a year on that loan. Now if you've been holding this thing and it's appreciated, that 5% a year might be significantly less than selling $600,000. We're now you have to pay taxes on that and if you did that now you have $600,000 less of spy that doesn't compound anymore. Okay? So it is going to be less than taxes and potentially also less than holding your asset, which is why buy borrowed die potentially, potentially never pay it off. You can you can't you cannot accept you. Now an example of this is say that you want to put $200,000 down on a house or you want to put buy a boat or something like that and you have cash flow coming in but you need it today. There's a deal today. Well, if you say you have that million dollar spy position, you can go and you can very quickly do a collateralized loan since it's collateralized it's faster and you get cash to your account. You get that $200,000. Pay no taxes because the government doesn't see that as taxes. You are going to 0 5%, 6%, but again on average that's less than how much the S&P 500 grows on a yearly basis and you have the money. Now you could pay it off if you have cash flow coming in, pay it off later or just buy more spy. But again, this isn't a way to get rich but this is like one of the strategies used by the wealth to protect their wealth.