So you guys want to step by step on how to get started in crypto. I'm gonna make it very fast and simple because I'm on vacation. Step one, get an exchange. So whether that be crypto.com, coin base, I hate coin base, or uphold, give an exchange. An exchange is just like a bank account for the crypto. They're gonna hold and have custody of your crypto, but you're gonna be able to buy it from them. You know what I'm saying? Step two, learn about the coins that you want. Understand the project, what is the use case and utility for that project before you start investing money. If you're investing in a meme coin, look for the community. Is there a genuine community or is it just creators talking about, oh my god, it's gonna happen. Like, bro, you need to pay attention. If any creators talk about, oh my god, it's about to happen. It's hype, it's fluff, get it out, you get it out, it's portfolio. And then three, what you want to do, I hate it. I hate this coin so much, but you need to have a little bit of Bitcoin in your portfolio because at the end of the day, every coin was made off of it by example. That is the grand eddy coin. Okay, everything else is a all coin alternative to Bitcoin. That's it. Once you do that, understand your buying assets, so you're buying like, you can say one coin is one share. We're just saying that, right? Even though that's not true. We're just saying this is the closest parallel for you that you would understand. One coin, one share. If you buy a coin that's 0.003 cent and you buy $10 worth, what do you think happens when that price finally gets to a dollar? That's why I've been trying to tell people, is it back network been under a dollar under 30 cents under a penny for the longest? If you just get a hundred thousand worth, which is at the time, was like $300, I think it may be cheaper now. But if you just get $300 worth worth, where are the hundred thousand worth coins, specific tokens of the back network, whenever it reaches a dollar, you'll be good. Or if you want to like, like, make, be forever in profit, make money when it goes up and down, trade it, sell it. There's so many different things that you can do. You just have to be able to pay attention to the market and then be willing to take those risks. Because if you're not willing to take risks, DeFi has risks. But if you don't, if you don't want to take those risks, DeFi is not for you, stay in your how you'll save as account. That's going to be the best thing for you.