VIDEO_ID: 0Y_h5ETuPoM
TITLE: Indigenous Americans were NOT Hebrews or Lost Tribes of Israel
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.98)
DURATION: 600.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 74.5s processing
============================================================

I'm back, and I'm here to talk about this whole erroneous concept of the first indigenous Americans or indigenous Americans being Hebrew. It is erroneous, it is dangerous in the sense that because you don't know the language and the history of ancient America, you're appropriating things and really denationalizing yourself and invoking a group of people who wanted you to do this, Zionists, who have a history of following you around to hide your identity. The gentleman came on my page and I want to break this down and I have to apologize. Because 25 years ago I was saying the same dumb that y'all are saying, 25 years ago. So I'm 25 years ahead of you, but he showed this map and his argument was that this word is in the scriptures. It's on our own map, so therefore the inhabitants of the land had to be one of the lost tribes because why is this on a map? The logic is so flawed and it's very simple to answer. When the colonizers came, the history was the Bible. They don't have another history. They don't have another history. They don't have Greek history, made up, stolen Phoenician philosophy. They don't have Roman history stolen history from the Holy Roman Empire which was black. They don't have a history, so they used their Bible. And when they came, they renamed places after the only book that they had been using at the time to distinguish a heritage or a history. So when you see this name here, this is a colonizer coming into an indigenous land and naming it this. Secondly, the people you're calling Indians, were brought over on the Manila Gallion, Christianized by the Spanish in the 16th century. This is why they would name any places after the Bible. The original inhabitants spoke languages that have nothing to do with any of this. Professor Mode, had another brother trying to tell me that Mesopotamia, Alabama, is proof of where the real Mesopotamia was. And all I have to say is once again, foreigners come into our land, taking a name that was on the other side of the ocean and naming it after a place that was over there, is not proof that this was ancient Mesopotamia, ancient none of this stuff. Because I don't know how to do research, I'm making gross errors, so let me help you. If I show you this symbol, what's the first thing you're going to think of? You're going to think about Israel. However, the people on this photograph and I'm going to blow it up, have nothing to do with Israel. Absolutely nothing to do with Israel. But they have the symbol. Here it is again. Photos getting bigger, right? This is the full photo. And what do we have here? We have a group of people fighting another group of people. This group of people has the so-called star of David. It wasn't known as the star of David at that time. He has nothing to do with David. David didn't exist. Let's get their names. Let's mourers. The mors had the six point star long before there ever was a conception of anything they had to do with a Hebrew. Where did they get it from? No ancient Hebrew, because they didn't exist. Let's give you an idea. Take a look at the photo. But the part at the top I'm going to show you where that comes from. So this deals with lindies, but if you want to go esoteric, this is a court's crystal matrix. A fractal matrix. This is the son as it shines through a lens, a window. This has nothing to do with Hebrews, at all or star of David. Here you go. Where you have the original symbol coming from. Nothing to do with Jacob, Isaac, Abraham, none of those people. This is Kian Ga, which you know of as Sumeria. And it's showing the lineage of the people. Let's keep going. There you go again. So why am I showing all of this? Because when you find biblical names or you think you're finding ancient Hebrew here, you're really finding punic. Which is actually an ancient morsh language. But let's go to the Manara, because somebody was trying to tell me, Well, the mounds are no higher. They have Manara as the merma. The Manara is not Jewish. It is not. I'm going to prove it. Here's the mown they're talking about right here up there. And they're calling this a Manara. Now, we could debate whether it is or not, but we could still just qualify your statement. Let's go to the actual source. I'll always show my sources. They don't show sources. They show pictures and they start pontificating. Original map drawn in 1823 by Major Isaac Roberto. Head of the Bureau of Typographical Engineers, US Army Corps of Engineers. The original map depicted below. It's preserved in the cartographic and architectural branch of the military archives, Division of US National Archives in Alexandria. Butler, Butler, that's the source. This is not Hebrew. This is not proof that Hebrews were here. There's no such thing as the Hebrew. And never was the Hebrew language. They stole it. Go back to the first video. The stored in the name Israel. They stored all the guys. They stole everything from other people. Crafted. This grafted. And now black people who are now trying to step on our indigenous lands. Trying to bring that old slavery back. We're not accepting it. This is the Phoenician manure right here. So now who was here? December 13, 1933. Let's talk about the Mississippi culture and what is really tied to. Because some other people are trying to say, you're talking about this huge stuff. Our culture is the Mississippi culture. It's the same culture empire. They're talking about the finds that they found here. And we're about to go right into it. What does it say? At the top is the group of relics found in the mound. Built by a prehistoric people in the near spiral Oklahoma. And recently opened. Number one is a pipe bowl. 18 inches high. Some type of red stone or showing marked mine characteristics. The cocktails were from the Gulf of Mexico. Right below part of an engraved cocktail found in the mound. The head and other parts of it. What? Mark resemblance to the art of the ancient mines. Just for you, people who were dumb on history. The town builders had nothing to do with the tribes that you're trying to claim that you're all part of. Right here. Cherokees were never never built any miles or stone structures. They killed off or drove off the mound and built his burned their temples. Come on, y'all. They tried to bring this. Oh, the 10 commandments. They wrote the 10 commandments. What does it actually say, though? This is from the book by Osaka, America, by Dr. Mary Fell. It says a version of the 10 commandments. It's not even the 10 commandments. Written in what? Written in what? Funition! Not Hebrew, not paleo Hebrew. And this is not provenance. Meaning it has not been indicated through the proper archaeological tools that this is actually even ancient. So this ain't Hebrew. But this is the first writing on this land. The most extensive writing on this land. Can you read it? And I've nothing to do with no god thing on Israel. Let's put it in stone. For the people who wrote on this land has nothing to do with the Bible. When rocks cry out, all of these books are people are stuck in an afrocentric, Judeo-Christian Islamic concept. And so they will never be able to interpret a new world that has nothing to do with those particular things. Own language, own culture, own history. All the way down to the tribes and the Southeast, the embassy, Tuscarora, Kataba, Timokua, all of those. These are ancestors. And so we have to sit down and really study and make everything biblical is not going to help you. This is who was here. This is not pain. This is your ancestors. This is a culture that sprang all the way up into the northeast of the United States all the way down into Mexico. So that we don't have to make up stuff. Primary research only. And to the people who are trying to make these people Hebrews, please stop it. These are our indigenous ancestors. Let's respect them and let's study.
