VIDEO_ID: 1jB5aznW_h4
TITLE: The Real Dr Sebi - A Documentary on the World renowned Alfredo Bowman
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 6767.8s
TRANSCRIBED: 916.7s processing
============================================================

another documentary, and this one is a banger, the real Dr. Sabie. I have taken on the mission of exploring the life of Alfredo Bowman, also known as Dr. Sabie, in order to give the most accurate accounting of the primary points of his past, his nutritional philosophy, the events that surrounded what made him popular, court cases that people have been debating about the rise of him, being seen as a healer of many adverse diseases, things that were considered unterrible, and the eventual decline and mysterious death of this great icon in our community. There are many people who misunderstood the purpose for the documentary and highlighting the very great things and the not-so-great things. But as I have continued to state, we must learn the lessons of history and when it comes, especially to a discussion on nutrition, which brings in all types of scientific variables into the discussion, we can make things clear. You know, often as I study human populations, I notice one factor that is universal, and that is that once a people get somewhat of a hero inside of the ethnic group, they become a champion, and that champion becomes iconic and a source of pride. And in that source of pride, it somewhat becomes, if not direct, in indirect competition with other ethnic groups, we find this more so with African Americans or Blacks. And I think that happens that way because we have this animosity about what we have experienced as people, the things that outwardly have been done to our leaders. And so when we find the great man like Dr. Savi, we're like, this is our chat. So let's talk about the chat. You know, and so a person like me who would bring intriguing views, especially because I'm in the field of biochemistry and natural healing, not running companies for over two decades, the perception of why I'm doing what I'm doing is lost. And so the pure reason why I'm doing this documentary and all the documentaries that I have been doing is for us to learn the lessons of history. Once we gather the lessons of history, we can look at our champions and see the great side of things that they have done, and the not so great side of things that they have done, learn that they are human, just like all of us, and that whatever it is that was a great lesson in their life, we compare it to our own lives, all the lives of rising icons and have vetting mechanism to help those people develop in a healthy way. So sit back, strap on your seat belts, because we're about to talk about one of the greatest healers of the 20th century and the 21st century, one of the most controversial healers of the 20th and 21st century, and in my opinion, one of the people who have been misunderstood. And I don't know if he has been misunderstood, but he has a quote following now, and that quote following is languishing in scientific misconceptions that he himself laid out to the community, and I think that needs to be cleaned up. So put your seat belt strap up, average and low media. Releasing February 4th, 2024, the real Dr. Savi, a full documentary about Alfredo Bowman, also known as Dr. Savi. Was he one of the world's greatest healers or was he a quack? He was known throughout circles of very famous people to be a healer, as we look at his record, he that he was arrested, there were several cases that Dr. Savi had. When a case, HIV, sick or so, or was it a hoax? His, his information, scientific, in the sense that he could stand a test of scrutiny. Did his own family members betray his legacy? How did he die? These are the questions that the document had before us, one of the most controversial healers in the century, who died under mysterious, have differing opinions about of his death. Was his legacy a force? Was he actually one of the greatest healers of our generations? This documentary goes deep into the rise and the fall of Dr. Savi. Also known as Alfredo Bowman, the cause is a catalyst as a sentient, but evaluate Dr. Spiasway, the science, the history, the sentient. Let's go into the first part of this documentary. What we want to do is to give you some rare history so that you get a picture of how Dr. Savi developed into Dr. Savi. What was early years like? Where was the action? When he left Honduras, where did he go? Who was the interacting with and how did he get led into medicine based on the record? Not based on any speculation, because we have the records now. Then we can progress into him beginning to help people heal and look at the controversy as well, which is did he actually win a case that proved he could heal AIDS, cancer, sickle cell, and the other things that have been talked about? People have heard me say that he lost the case. The reason that I have been talking about that and stating that is because it's actually true, but there were multiple cases and so there was also a case that in one. And so how do you balance this if you don't have the records? Well, over the years, while he was alive, I did the research and so this is coming from a person who met Dr. Savi personally, which I'll be able to prove as we go through the records and a person who was studying diligently to understand himself and his family and to help the community because that already entered into a natural path program to study natural healing and medicine. And it's in my background as an athlete and that was one of my goals to become a sports medicine doctor after I would play an NFL. I played the vision one football at Temple University and so this was in my path. My mother suffered when I was in college from cancer that metastasized two different parts of her body. It started out in a thyroid. It spread to her breasts. She got thin cut off. It spread to her reproductive organs, his directives, his breath to her lymphatics and she was on her death bed. And so I was at a very young age trying to help the woman that bore me into existence. How do we deal with these diseases? And so I came across all of these great doctors, Dr. Afrika, Dr. Jua Pukrum, Dr. Savi. These were the people in the black community who were talking about natural medicine. And so this is now 28 years ago. I'm 48 years old now. And so the journey is very personal for me. And so as I look at what has happened over all of these years and the great confusion surrounding this man inspired me to get the record straight. So people could know that he did want a case but had nothing to do with proving that he could cure AIDS cancer or sickle cell. It gave him the right and he won a verdict that said that he was not practicing medicine without a license. He was administering natural supplements, which was a natural right of everybody. Him and anybody that was selling supplements at the time, there were no 77 people brought before a judge to prove all of these points. The data is there. There were five people who made testimony and they made testimony that by using his supplements, their conditions were improved and none of those people went on to stay the stand and said that they were cured of AIDS or any of these other things. Interestingly enough, there were people who were getting healed. We have Lisa left our low beds. We have Michael Jackson, but the things that they were getting healed of that they stated on the record for themselves were things that herbs do help you with. Alcoholism, Exima, headaches. These things are real. Do you find the interesting that there has never been a book to publish all of the healing proofs of Dr. Savi? Do you find the interesting that his daughters and sons and all of these people who are helping people have never created a client filed book like we have in the Aboriginal Medical Association to say, this is what has been done? Do you find the interesting that there is not a deeper level of record for all of these great things because the proofs we shed everybody's mouth. There's a reason why that is not there. So in the first part, I want to tell you who Dr. Savi is, give you some of this history, prove that he was healing people and then clear up the confusion about these court cases because the case that stands out is the case that was a plea deal and that particular plea deal dealt with the fact that my abomin Dr. Savi and one of his other wives who is still kind of popular in the community were restricted from ever saying that they could ever heal any human disease. They signed these agreements, they agreed to these agreements and these agreements are very detailed. This was a loss and L and it's not to put in anybody's face, it's to make the people aware that Dr. Savi does not have the case where it was proven that he could cure AIDS, sickle cell, any of these other things. But he did show proficiency at herrology and he did show proficiency in helping people. So this oxymoronic reality that we have in our past shows that you can be great at something but you can also deceive people. And so to never disclose that to the people was done because the money was coming in. These are the lessons that we need to learn. They are healers out here now, making all kinds of claims that see monsters and a penalty in these other things and as a community as a whole as we develop more institutions and if we want to get stronger we have to do critical analysis of all of ourselves, all of our institutions so that we can improve so we are about to go in on all of the receipts and I hope that everybody understands that the motivation of this is for clarity and not for any other purpose. Let's go. Okay in this part Dr. Savi is going to give information that I think is the most important part of this life and that is he's going to talk about his early history but also his relationship with his wives and how misunderstood he felt and what we find is we have a profound thinker who has distance from the people who are closest to them and this reality is something that will come back and bite him at the end of his life. Dr. Savi is a profound thinker where we're going to see is that he didn't even quit his job until he was 47 years old to go into herbs and he did it with $400. This is very, very, very, very important to understand. Each of the documentaries that I have done on great men and women I have found that their family and their ability to maintain peace inside as they unfold their vision was the key to whether they ascend it or descend it. I was born in Spanish from Duras in the year of 1933. I was born in a small village in New England. The boy grew up never going to school whether kindergarten high school grade school or whatever became a merchant ceiling but by the time he became a merchant ceiling it was very deadly. He had diabetes. He had asthma from birth. He was input in a 28 and after he had diabetes asthma obesity and insanity but they help of Mexican people. I was cured. I decided to enter the field of natural medicine. Can I answer you for quick something? Of course. I'm sorry. When you started a few adventures of a third person in this which is the first person. Do you see who you were earlier in your life as a different person? I saw you sort of become yourself in a second house. I was always a different person. I disagree with everything. I disagree with everything. Everything I heard, I disagree with. I was 14 years of age when I said, I was going to work. I would work in since I was 11 because my grandmother raised me and I was, she was my responsibility to take care of paying the rent by and of clothes by and of food. But I had, I was tall and I was very, I was sensible. I just grew up in a 14, I made a statement that I was going to do something to help humanity. But when I made that statement, I also knew that I was going to come up against the established or prevailing for last few of life that I knew at 40 years of age. But I didn't know that one day that I would become the person that I'm known for today as being the healer. I didn't know that. But even before I became the healer, I didn't have a girlfriend until I was 21 because I disagreed with what I saw. And even now, my interrelationship with women, I don't believe that there is a woman that could write for the state of the love me because of the way that I live on the way that I see things. And I'm not really upset or bothered by that. But I live different. I see different. I feel different. And I don't like to shade up with most people because they're so far away. You know you don't want to disturb anyone. But when I even the healing that I'd been to the world, look at that. When I, my first patient, my very first patient, I was a steam engineer, working for the corner of Los Angeles. And this blind man, I heard that I would experimenting with these plants. And his neighbor said, we want you to take it. And he took the plants and in two days he was seen. And he was blind for 11 years. That shook me because I couldn't explain to the world the mechanics behind this blind man seeing. What were your thoughts from you formulated D.I.s. The compound. Right. The way that the compound came into existence was being a steam engineer, I knew that the pH value, the pH factor, had a lot to do with healing. And the herbalist then, like the herbalist today, on a way that the pH factor, has a lot to do with it. I mean, there is an herb in my thread. I know everything about herb in my thread. I made a statement of 14 that I was going to do something to help humanity. But I didn't know it would have turned out to be deserve. So when I was sick, I was 30. And I got the help from the Mexican that helped me. And then I could, I could see to pursue it. And I was working as a steam engineer at the time that I, every day of a good work, and God would talk to me and say, how could you be new? Of all those dreadful diseases. And you're going to hold that from humanity. And I would go to work and I would see these turbines and these condenses and these boilers. And I would get so angry. And I was when I stepped up my research. This is where I was when I was making angry at that time. Because I wanted to get a wet from them, because I want to go into the herbs. But I was then 47 years of age. I was 47. And I was 10 years in the job, seniority. And I was making a lot of money. And I had a wife on two babies and one on the way. And I quit my job. God said, you're going to quit, if you're going to stop, and you're going to die starting, but you're going to quit the job. And I left. And I was putting jail in, you know, all the whole bit of the habit to me, New York. I was arrested and in, say, marked in one night. I was taking the jail in a croissant or it's been a journey, but it'd been nice because it was like a test. I remember being down to only $400. When I started this business, I only had $500. $400. I started this healing journey with $400. And here I am. And so it was important for us to give you some history of Dr. Savi. And to verify the record, where he was born, when he was born, to chart the early part of his life, when did he start actually going out to heal people at 47 years old? How he came to understand the paradigm that he is proposing to the people to heal? He was born in Henders. He was a marine merchant who traveled with the world extensively. And this is verified by one of his wives, Ma'am Bowman, who talked about how much they traveled. Dr. Savi, in the year 2006, came to Temple University. This was my introduction to Dr. Savi as Brother Keith Xom and myself through the school, Muhammad's Islamic Academy, invited him to Anderson Hall. And as you can see, this is him at Anderson Hall in 2006, giving his presentation. In 1962, our traveling as a marine merchant, Dr. Savi, was admitted to our hospital in New York, the US public health hospital, and diagnosed with schizophrenia. There are many people who were thinking I pointed this out to make fun of Dr. Savi. That is not the case at all. It's actually the show that he healed himself from the schizophrenia just by knowing the science and the art of errology and of plants. I was in fact crazy. I would place it in an insane asylum in New Jersey in 1961. schizophrenia and paranoia. So I'm schizophrenic by paranoia. As recounted Dr. Savi, said at the age 30, he met his Mexican healer that helped him overcome all of his sicknesses, which is right post this activity that he is discussing. But prior to that, he was married to his first wife, Melva Strickland, and this occurred in 1957, just to give you a chronology of his life. As the women he engaged will become very important at each stage of his development. The development that led to the great Dr. Savi that was helping heal people and the fall of Dr. Savi because of the attack of his family. So as we can see by marrying Melva, Gene Strickland, Dr. Savi gained his citizenship as the United States, citizen. As we can see his wife, Melva, his son, Abdul and his grandson Isaiah, who's been featured on the breakfast club in other places. So the passing of the knowledge went down through generations. But unfortunately that passing was not handed down with the type of scientific integrity to keep the mission and the legacy growing on a trend that would put it in a place so that the health paradigm could become an effective agent to help our people continue to heal. And this is not a knock on Isaiah Bowman, but I watch the shows, I watch the conversation that is coming from the communication. And I know that the scientific literacy is not at a level so that our people can intake the data and use it for a health paradigm that can be independent and indigenous for our people. It's just absolutely wrong. These are the wives of Dr. Savi. Melva, Gene, being the first wife, Mata, being the wife that he was with when he developed the entire basis for the health paradigm and that being a wife we gained in St. Corey and who work with them in the 80s in New York and Pat Sea, which is a wife that came later, who is now making claims that are false about her association and past with Dr. Savi. It's important to highlight this because it is my position that the relationship that Dr. Savi had with his wives is what shattered his legacy. Not only is that my opinion, but Dr. Savi shared this himself, but in a greater stance, any man's relationship to who he procreates with will be the determining factor of his success in life and how that success unfolds. This is the greatest lesson that we can gain from Dr. Savi's life. Looking at the women we married, looking at his legacy and where it is now and where it could have been at better decision making we have come about. As we can see, Dr. Savi had problems with the wives and the daughters. What most people don't know is that he sued them in court in Los Angeles, starting in 2014, claiming that had taken over $20 million from him. Pat Sea Williams is my tune or Pat Sea Bowman. The woman who went around swaying the morning show, the breakfast club, and many other high profile media outlets to make false claims of this beautiful relationship in legacy she was carrying out. Her and her daughter, Zavay, at the same time, were calling Dr. Savi a fraud on court record, and it even went to the extent that Zavay, while doing a disposition for the court stated that she was glad that her father was dead. This is on court record. And so what we learned here is that we have to find a way as a group, as people, to solve these relationships that we have between husbands and wives, especially people who have great missions. For those of you who have watched my other documentaries, you have seen how the automobile lives Muhammad's family, how Dr. Khalid, those who study history, Bob Marley, many other greats, men and women, have died by the sword of their own families. And this is a part of the legacy of Dr. Savi. As we continue to look at the life of Dr. Savi, we have one point of controversy that can be cleared up pretty easy, but it is one of the greatest points of controversy. And that is this court case. In 1987, Dr. Savi was arrested by the New Yorker Attorney General. The backdrop behind the arrests were that two informants were sent in to try to bake Dr. Savi into saying that he was practicing medicine by doing diagnostics and treatments without a license. Their two informants were sent in and they recorded Dr. Savi and later he was arrested by the Attorney General. Dr. Savi had a second case with the Attorney General that had to do with the actual facts of whether or not he could heal people of AIDS, cancer, sick or so, etc. So, the two cases were two different cases. The first case being whether or not he was practicing medicine without a license. The other case was whether or not he could actually heal people with his treatments, AIDS, cancer, sick or so, all the things that he placed inside of the village voice as advertisement that he could do. And what we have found that Dr. Savi was found innocent, not guilty of practicing medicine without a license. His substances were considered supplements and food and therefore he was able to bypass the verdict and get a guilty verdict in that particular case. In the second case we have something different and I think it's important for me to highlight the difference between the two cases because if we are not aware we cannot see and measure Dr. Savi or those around him properly. This was not revealed to us and this that was not revealed to us is that there were two court cases and that in one of the court cases there was a plea deal taken and that plea deal lays out the basis of everyone who was present during that time having knowledge of what they put down on the paperwork and concealing it intentionally to continue to carry out business for the sake of profit. Here we have the great enigmas, the oxymorons, great people coming before you, doing great things but also away in the closet, shuffling their bones and hiding and breaking the integrity that is necessary in order to keep the legacy alive and shining and thriving. We also see from the case that there were discrepancies about the information given. There were not 77 people brought as witnesses in the case. In fact there were five of them we have the names right before you. Harry Dixon, Roger Marshall, Naimofuller, Zadia Efe and Caron Selby came forth and made testimony in the case to their improved health and so we have vague stories, things not being made clear that need to be made clear and it's important that we vet the record so that our emotions do not overtake our reason when analyzing in a great leader. Yes Dr. Savi did heal but yes Dr. Savi also did not keep things transparent and the others around him kept things secret that this documentary is meant to bring out. Here we have the statement of Shirley Stark who at the time in 1993 was the assistant attorney general of New York who spoke before the house committee on government operations subcommittee on human resources and intergovernmental relations on dietary supplements. She makes a statement about the prior case that the attorney general had against Dr. Savi the one that I am saying that he lost and with that particular agreement in the order for judgment what were the stipulations that were laid out and how this applied to his actual products and whether or not he could heal disease. This did not apply to whether or not he could practice medicine without a license or not and as we read she states a particularly glaring example of unsustainulated therapeutic claims made for herbal supplements occurred a few years ago when the Ushah herbal research institute run by self-style nutritionist calling himself Dr. Savi advertised in the village voice and the Amsterdam news that AIDS has been cured by Ushah and that they also specialize in cure for leukemia, sickle cellanemia, herpes, lupus and other diseases for an initial fee of $500 and $80 for each additional visit patients were told they could be cured of AIDS and other diseases. The cure consisted of various herbal products for each of which Ushah made therapeutic claims. Even therapeutic style for example was referred referred to in Ushah's brochure as follows. Even therapeutic style, even is very effective on major skin problems in prenatal use against poor circulation cancer, cysts, hemorrhoids and arthritis. In fact these claims were false. Our office filed suit against Ushah and entered in a consent agreement under which Ushah can no longer make therapeutic claims for its products and here we have the case that Dr. Savi Loss as we can read from the caption, 49 of the Supreme Court of the State of New York County of New York. The people of the State of New York by Robert Abrams, Attorney General of the State of New York, against Ogun, herbal research institute, DBA Ushah, herbal research institute, Alfredo Bowman, aka Dr. Savi and at Thomas, my hot bone and fig tree products company. It's very important here that we read everything vital and so I'm going to read the occurrences surrounding the case. So you get 100% accuracy about what I'm saying about this particular order and them losing the rights that we think that they had. Trial having commenced on July 1, 1987 before, honorable Kenneth Oshorter, testimony having been taken on the 1st, the 6th, the 7th, the 8th, the 9th, the 13th, the 14th, the 15th, and 16th, days of July 1987 and the trial had been been adjourned until September 4th, 1987 and this further adjourned. In appearance having been made for petitioners, Robert Abrams, Attorney General of the State of New York by Peter Bindstock, Mary Hillgerman, Susan Rowley and Phyllis B. Spade, Assistant Attorney General and for respondents Ogun, herbal research institute, DBA Ushah, herbal research institute at Alfredo Bowman, aka Dr. Savi, my hot bone by Simian Greenway, S. Squire, and upon the stipulation and consent dated May 31, 1988, executed by the parties in their council in appearing that petitioners, the people of the State of New York commenced this preceding percent to New York executive law section 62212 against the above name respondents to enjoying a ledge fraudulent and illegal acts or practices in which respondents are less to have been engaged and it appearing that respondents without admitting they are or have been engaged in any alleged fraudulent or illegal acts or practices are desirous of resolving this matter without further trial or adjudication of any issue of fact or law here in order to avoid incurring further substantial costs. Respondent Thomas, this is Annette Thomas, ordered in decree that whereas petitioners in responding Annette Thomas have entered into separate settlement discussions, the claims led to against the responding Annette Thomas shall be and hereby are severed and not a part of this judgment in order, it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed and so now Annette Thomas is the mother red pill, blue pill, and KT to our degree. This is her right here. The question is why did none of them come and tell us that this case existed? She took a separate plea deal. So the part that I'm about to read don't even apply to her and what does this have to do with her presence as a healer in the community? This is a genuine question and her not divulging ever on any public record. As many times as she has talked about the history of Dr. Sabie, this document and the further documents about her own settlement. We can continue to read where it says, order to judgment and decreed that this judgment, water shall extend to Ogun, herbal research institute, DBA, Ushia herbal research institute, fig tree products company, the principal's officers, directors, employers, agents, assessors, heirs and assigns and Alfredo Bowman and my abomin. There's assessors, heirs, assigns. This is everybody that's claiming to be a part of Ushia Institute, to be a grandson, a daughter, everybody affiliated. This applies to you too and this is why you need to know this, because you can be set up by the enemy because somebody in your family did not let you know that this document existed. Or a family could be the fates and the people don't know it because they have not vet it to situation. Permanent injunction, water, agendas and decreed that respondents are permanently enjoyed from engaging in any fraudulent, deceptive or illegal acts of practices, including but not limited to, claiming orally or in writing directly or by implication that respondents, their services or their products can cure, mitigate or in any way, relieve or alter the course of AIDS, heartbees, leukemia, tickle-cellenemia, lupus or any other human disease, pain, injury, deformity or physical condition, distributing or publishing any advertisement brochure or other credit matter or broadcasting any advertisement which claims directly or by implication that respondents, their services or their products can cure, mitigate or in any way, relieve or alter the course of AIDS, heartbees, leukemia, sickle-cellenemia. Now this activity has continued. Not only has it continued, we have never received a book, a full lecture, a full dialogue on the absolute receipts and proofs of the ability to cure sickle-cellenemia, leukemia, heartbees, AIDS, etc. Never, not one time. Yet, there are people who are the successors, heirs, assigns, and they are claiming to be able to do that. So now we have to look at this because it's going to come down to two things. Somebody, possibly be jailed if they don't stop and they need this warning because we don't want you to be in jail or somebody could know that this document exists and still be doing it and be in cohesion with the enemy. Both are dangerous but what I'm reading from is an official legal document, not speculation. The document continues. Lupers are any other human disease, pain, injury, deformity or physical condition. Diagnosis, breathing or prescribing for any human disease, pain, injury, deformity or physical condition without invalid license to practice medicine or other lawful authorization to practice medicine issued by the New York State Department of Education. Selling or otherwise distributing any products which are labeled otherwise advertised with claims regarding the product's ability either alone or in combination with other products or procedures to aid in the diagnose, cure mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease in humans or other animals. Selling or otherwise distributing any products which are labeled or advertised with claims regarding the product's ability to affect the structure or any function of the body of humans or other animals. Okay and as we're continuing it is order to judge then decree that respondent shall give a copy of this judgment and order to each and every person who works for or performs any service for any responded in any capacity, either for pay or as a volunteer or as an independent contractor or the currently or in the future. And respondent shall obtain a written receipt of a copy of the order from each of these persons within 10 days of the service of a copy of this judgment and order. What within three days of the individual's first day of association with any responded which ever is later responded shall retain these written receipts as part of their business records and it is further restitution ordered and decreed that within 60 days of the entry of this consent judgment responded shall place three avatives in the New York Amsterdam news offering a full refund to any consumer who claims she he was or is decided by with any other responded products or services so they had to offer restitution and not only that they had to give copies of this judgment to anybody who ever works for them at any time now at that time in the 80s or in the future. Now so if they have not provided copies to their children who are selling products to other people who work with them they have violated this judgment Dr. Saviour is no longer with us and by abominous supposed to be providing this to people if she is selling products all of y'all are supposed to have this this has not been talked about in the public until I talked about it. I was the first and I'm the only one who's putting it in a documentary to confront the situation to ask why were we not told it goes on to state it is ordered and decreed that responded shall within 60 days of the entry of this judgment and order submitting after David to the attorney general care of assistant attorney general Susan Rowley will shall identify each of the respondent's products including the contents of each and provide copies of all labels, brochures and advertisements and any other writings contain product claims for each and every product sold and are distributed. They had to give up the formulas that they were using and claiming to cure and they did it. This means that the trade secrets of that family were delivered over to the state willingly. It is ordered and decreed that responded shall within 80 days of the entry of this judgment order. So many after David to the attorney general care of assistant attorney general Susan Rowley we shall detail respondent's compliance with the crucial paragraph five restitution so they have to make sure that they give the restitution. This is a major deal and lastly is ordered and judging decreed that petitioners the people of the state of New York by their attorney general Robert Abrams won 20 Broadway in New York New York 1027 one shower covered jointly and several from respondent's old-gone herbal research institute DBA Husha herbal research institute six one six specific straight Brooklyn New York one one two one seven Alfredo Bowman and my abomin you see redacted there is Annette Thomas because she had a separate agreement and fake three products company care of my abomin you know to county assistant the herb those peanuts real peodoros Puerto Rico but that they are because they were in Puerto Rico as well and as well as cost all right so they had to pay $900 which was the equivalent of about $2,400 in restitution and you can see this is filed June 28, 1988 Dr. Sabie always talks about his 1988 case and not one time in the history of any lecture ever done by Dr. Sabie or my abomin have they divulged this to our people. I have heard the Gregory say something so egregious that only first said it I thought to myself why would he say that he said that Dr. Sabie was an agent of the United States government I do not agree with my elder the Gregory says some wild things sometimes but this is suspicious because he continued to go around and do exactly what this order says he was not supposed to do after he took a high ages from America and it was right around the time that we invited him to tell him the university that he began to do work any United States of America again after being gone for quite some time he was in Honduras and so the question becomes why was it this information divulged for the people who were there and that Thomas was there my abomin was there those are questions that the community needs answered because for any of us in the future who will stand up in the name of healing and commit an egregious act like this it questions everything and it gives further clarity to the decline of the legacy All right family we got passed the first part we went over some very detailed history of Dr. Sabie we allowed him to direct the conversation to give you the backdrop on how he developed himself into a healer we went over some very detailed and interesting aspects of the psychology of Dr. Sabie and some things that we take the position that they led to a part of his decline in his legacy and so Dr. Sabie's past predicted Dr. Sabie's future now what we want to do as we have laid out the case for the misunderstanding of the court cases Dr. Sabie was found not guilty for practicing medicine when other license the other it was a judgment getting against him where as you saw this was never disclosed to us the entire time from 1988 to 2016 28 years Dr. Sabie my abomin and at Thomas and the other those around never disclosed to us that they had a judgment against him not to sell products not to promote taking cure any diseases or healing any diseases and this passed on to their assessors, assessors, assigns other businesses that branched out for them and so this part was important because it leads to the part that we are about to discuss and this is the pure science and the healing you have to take with Dr. Sabie's and Betty for yourself just like you have to take with Dr. Lisa's and Betty for yourself Dr. Africa, Monharison, DuPochrom, the National Library of Health, the CDC this is important and so what I want to highlight helps arrest the court because there is a court following and the court following is being called the court not because I want to disrespect anyone it is being called a court because it refuses to grow with obvious information that could be used to improve a paradigm that they embrace religions often do this various other types of institutions that usually decline and they decline because they fail to do the proper assessments on themselves to fix the things that need to be fixed to make the improvements and so we're going to allow Dr. Sabie to talk about anatomy physiology and you be the judge on whether or not he knows what he's talking about. We're going to allow Dr. Sabie to talk about his thesis on disease pathology. You do the homework. We want to show the connection between Dr. Sabie and Arnold Eric where do he get this idea to see most at 92 minutes was he doing diagnostic testing to see where the CMOS at 92 minutes on the inner report so any plaque on earth with 92 minutes was the human body even need 92 minutes. Use a question that we have to ask ourselves and so as we get into the science of this to allow your emotions to grow because this is about healing and healing is an art and a science you can listen to your favorite song and it changes your biology, art and science happening at the same time and so we are about to delve deep into the healing philosophy of our freedom moment also known as Dr. Sabie and your answers for the things that we know we need answers for it. Some races the time was planned this appeared at age 8 then one becomes violent in one movement and but now the time was planned this appeared in some races at age 8 participated in Caucasian for what helped one to retain the time was planned within the biology the presence of what thank you. He had the question. Sometimes the city which is saying is that due to the way a lot of medical people study medicine in this country and around the world then you don't understand different things you like to see and something else electric. Well if we are talking about understanding what do they understand because the question you to be asked remember the time for common sense has arisen as a ride. What do they understand? Don't be afraid we need to ask these questions. What do they understand? They understand that the thymus gland is not in the neck. The thymus gland is an indecrime gland that is behind the heart. They understand that the gland you're pointing to is the thymoid and the parathyroid gland. They understand that neither the thymus nor the thymoid has anything to do with sex except for secondary factors. The sex glands are the bittuitary gland which releases follicle stimulating hormone and lupinizing hormone and women that later develops into the four types of estrogen, three natural, one unnatural. They understand that the gnatitropin hormone releasing cycle starts in a no crest of the brain, communicate with the hypothalamus and then with the bittuitary. They understand that testosterone is made in the testicles. They understand that the prostate gland is the sex gland and while I do agree with Dr. Savi, challenging the medical establishment on the ability to heal, on the ability to actually bring greater scientific understanding without shielding. I disagree with the point that he is making here and I'm only showing it because this is the beginning of the problem in the health paradigm. Making it up as they go. Having a little bit of knowledge about one thing and making you believe that that by default gives you car blanche to speak on things that you don't know or that you can't prove or that you can't demonstrate. The hallmark of science is experimenting to come to conclusions and make those assessments honestly so that you can make improvement and we cannot improve if we don't know where organs are or what their functions are. Often here, Dr. Savi, if the body was meant to be opened up, it would have zippers. Well, the only reason that you know that there's a thymus is because someone opened the body. The only reason we know that there's a thyroid is because someone opened a body. Science is about experimentation. We can't be double-talkers. We have to know what we're doing if we want to bring consistently, healing and health to our people. Here, Dr. Savi begins to discuss a melon called kuka melon or kuska mainly from central in South America. He states that it has no glucose, which is absolutely false as all fruit on earth have glucose and glucose is the molecule of energy for all cells in the human body. We have to correct these transgressions. I need another one not as big. They will seem big. I eat those plants. Don't plant doesn't have starch or glucose. This is the kuska fruit kuka melon. It actually does have glucose like all of the fruit on the earth. It's high in antioxidants and it is a nutritional staple of the people of that region. A very, very nutritious plant. But Dr. Savi, not knowing plant chemistry is stating that the plant has no glucose. We cannot have our leading health authorities go before the world and make these types of mistakes. So listen in on a nutritional value of the kuska plant. Our melon or Mexican sour gerkin can be eaten on its own pickle ball used in salsa. The sour fruit grow on a thin vine and is surrounded by leaves that look similar to ivy and drop to the floor when ripe. It's a central American delicacy that's been eaten in Mexico for centuries. They are the size of grapes. Look like miniature watermelons and taste of cucumbers and lime. The small fruits can be eaten on their own like an olive or other snack. British gardeners will be able to taste it for themselves after such and seeds included there. Plant in their new range. The plant grows into beautiful vines and creates a large bounty of bite-sized melons that are easier to grow than regular cucumbers even better. They are resistant to drought. Happy to grow outside and pests stay away similar to the cucumber. These plants produce both male and female flowers. These plants can fertilize themselves. But the flowers are not self-hertile. Flowers are small in the yellow. About 4mm in diameter fruits develop at the base of the female flower. It has been a staple of Mexican and central American diets since pre-Columbian times. Hence it's great array of names and indigenous languages. These people also use the melon in non-colonary ways, including in medicine. Yet, little of this information can be found in mainstream literature. Fruit-sellowing calories and fat and resource are simple sugars, fiber and vitamins, which are essential for optimizing our health. Fruit health benefiting properties are because of their richness in vitamins, minerals, micronutrients, antioxidants, which help the body prevent or at least prolong the natural changes of aging by protecting and rejuvenating cells, tissues and organs, eating a healthy diet, rich and fruits may reduce your risk for heart disease, including heart attack and stroke and may also protect against certain types of cancer. Dr. Sabi goes on to say there's no such things as viruses and bacteria. We know where he gets this germ theory from. It's the same place where he got the mucus-less theory of one disease from and that is Arnold Erit. But Dr. Sabi is absolutely wrong. There are such things as viruses, bacteria, fungi, and other types of pathogens. And it is true though that these pathogens do live in the human body and they live outside of the human body, as well. This is a result of Dr. Sabi borrowing from Arnold Erit without doing thorough research. He lived into 2016 and had the adequate time to correct these faulty premises in science. We're not just in the Joseph, let me just say, I said there is no such thing as a germ of virus or a bacteria. So what is it? I said, man, he is a mycooker. It's generated in the body. When erosion begins, if I have a very happy human being, I lay them on the table and not move. When I raise them, what I need to have on the back, I need to decide up as to what needs a bit of water, sure, whether the worms come from the way with the bird in the man himself. But what bad soul, in all that person that part of him was lacking of oxygen, not in turn with these to receive oxygen, to breathe down. If then you rotate it in an ostrich, it is what side of science. If it is the Broncos, Broncos. If one were to read the works of Arnold Erit, because this diet healing system, it would almost appear that doctors say be teaching or a word for word, rendition of professor Arnold Erit's, because this diet healing system, irrational fasting. And although the book has many great pointers on nutrition, doctors say be did not come up with the one disease system or thesis, the alkaline diet, the germ theory that there were no viruses or bacteria. This was advanced by Arnold Erit himself. The only problem is Arnold Erit died in 1922. We are 102 years from that particular time. And being so far from that time, we have learned so much more through genetics and other forms of improved science. And so these old thesis and theories can be easily discounted in a world of modern science. Another great example is the continual push where the alkaline alkaline, alkaline diet. Sea moss is one of the popular things that are pushed and it's alleged to have 92 minerals, which it doesn't. But what they don't know about the secret of sea vegetables like sea moss is that it is the iodine in these substances that converts it itself into iodide once it comes into contact with the parieto cells and it increases the hydrochloric acid, which is vital for the breakdown, metabolism, and later assimilation of food. But if you leave it to a sabiaid, they will come and talk and say, wait a minute, alkaline everything, not understanding the acute importance and prevalence of alkalinity and acidity as two major parts of human physiology, both being necessary for the maintenance of the health of the human body. In the Tasha K interview, my abomin consistently talked about Dr. Sabis Azma, which he had from a child and how he kept bronchitis, most of his life until he got into his 30s and got healed by a Mexican doctor. What we do see from Dr. Sabis is severe atrophy. He was around 6263 and he weighed around 120 pounds, which is a clear sign of atrophy caused and created most likely by alkalosis and a degeneration of the muscular built. And this is coming from a man who taught that protein was not even real. Now, I only weigh 120 and I'm six two. We can take a look at the standard BMI count and see that anyone under 145, the height of 62 is considered under weight. In fact, because blacks have greater bone density and muscle density, the most durations, we could add another 10 pounds and that would take us to about 155 pounds. So, being 35 pounds under the minimum weight for his BMI showed that Dr. Sabis skeletal to muscular ratio weights are off. You can see it in his sunken face, you can see it in a lack of glimmer in his skin and what we are doing is doing on-site basic analysis to show you that something is missing from his diet. Something is missing from his nutrition. He is not absorbing and assimilating minerals, protein, vitamins in a way that would keep him with the aesthetic of health. All right, now we are cooking a bit of critique. We went over some of the statements that Dr. Sabis made about his germ theory, which he said that viruses and bacteria do not exist. There are a result of only microbes that do a loss of oxygen decomposes into these things inside of the body, meaning that there are no viruses on the outside that can come into the body and cause any type of harm or bacteria. Modern science, once again, he is using the theory from a book from the 1920s to try to explain health and Dr. Sabis passed in 2016. So he was roughly 100 years away from the time that the book was written, still trying to use that to explain health. The reason why that becomes a problem is now that you are not able to adapt. Over long periods of time, you are giving our misinformation. We can look at viruses bacteria, fungi, yeast, produce, under microscopes, on plants, on animals, in the air, flying around us, millions and trillions of them all throughout our body. In fact, they outnumber our own 30 trillion cells, endogenous viruses that we inherit, vertically, from our parents. And so with this well-rounded knowledge, you can help people heal better. Telling someone what herb to take without understanding diagnostics, anatomy, physiology, the microbiome, pathogens, you can't survive. And this is why we have never seen a book, never seen a full video of proofs where all of these claims of healing are put before us so that we can see it. In the Aboriginal Medical Association, all of the endogenous doctors have to keep a client file book when they deal with incline. They take preliminary diagnostic material from wherever they are given it from. We can do our home, endogenous diagnostics, aesthetically, with machinery, and we can find out what's wrong and begin to help and keep the post-diagnostic records. If you make a claim that you can do something, you have to prove it. Telling us that melons have no glucose when glucose is the number one molecule used for fuel in every cell, not only of the human body, but of animals too. You can't pass on a legacy like that. And so we have all kinds of famous people saying that CMOS has 92 minerals I was in. A Chinese, farmers market. It said CMOS has 92 minerals. No one even can tell us who is a doctor, CB, successor, or the doctor, CB himself. What would the body do with 92 minerals? How would they function since none of you all do diagnostics? I heard and this is not disrespectful to the system. When Tasha K was doing her interview with my abominant, we should, who seems like a very wonderful young lady, one of the daughters of Dr. CB, said that she healed 78 people of HIV, and 50 something of herpes. Put it in a book. If you have pre-diagnosis and post-diagnosis, and you give and can give that every time 100% of the time, or even 80% of the time, you're doing better than any medical institution in the world. And so this is why we form the health institution in our own jurisdiction. So when we do start to come and do documentaries and show our high-file books to the world, they will be recorded. So we won't be making claims that we can heal something that we cannot heal. Anyone of my clients who has herpes, I send them a two-hour video of proofs before they engage, before they pay, before they get to study what we say we can do, we do it. And so, my critique of Dr. CB, health paradigm, is that it's filled with scientific, illiteracy. And it's passed on to generations after Dr. CB because the most popular health teachers out now are teaching that. There's no such thing as protein that you got to be on an alkaline diet that for tearing this up is the best diet to be on. It's the panacea for all your problems. The juicing raw foods, the high-oxilates, leaching metals that are people buying. They have a study, vital estrogens, tannins, and different types of things. And don't understand why we're saying cook food that has oxalates in it. Or soak this particular food because it has fight against it. These are things that come about as a result of improving your paradigm. And when you get in a coat, you cannot do that. And so the question is, was Dr. CB healing people? And the answer is, yes, was he healing everybody? No. We can go on a record and say we know Dr. CB work with Michael Jackson. He actually sued Michael Jackson. And by helping Michael Jackson, what was he helping him with? Pain issues. You can take herbs. You can do some fasting, and you can solve that problem. You can't take just herbs alone. In the way that you understand taking herbs. All of this emerged cooking some herbs, you've got to dry, whatever. And fast and heal, hurt me simplex-1 and 2. HIV-1 or 2. MS. Lovers. These are not things that you attack in that manner. There are more advanced methods and methodologies to use in order to do so. But it is true that nutrition plays a great role in healing. Physical movement of the body plays an even greater role. And without merging the two, when you look at Dr. CB, who's 6, 220 pounds, he is not working his muscles. And so he is going to create glucose inhibition in his muscles. And heightened his glucose ratio, making his insulin ineffective. We can think his body so that when an attack comes, you're not even making the population of T cell, B cell, antibodies in order to fight. So we're going to look at some of the things that proved that Dr. CB was healing. But our caveat of explanation is the healing can happen with anybody who takes herbs. If you've been living a bad life, you start taking herbs, you do some fasting. You're going to see improvement. You're going to lose weight. Your ex-immobile might go away. Those things only you go to more advanced things that need to be dealt with. You're not going to be able to deal with them because now your science is limited. And not only that, healing from disease is only one gear of a health paradigm. When you're on a healthy, really, really healthy paradigm, for brain and your body should be able to form extra sensory perception. You should be able to put your body in yourself and another gear. Constant focus on healing disease, healing disease, healing disease is elementary school. What happens when you go to middle, high school and college, which your health paradigm? And so these are some of the things that when you have an institution that can grow, you can continue to grow in that way. You can regionically improve your genetics, your immune system, etc. By learning where you're at, which takes science and learning where you're going to go, which takes science. And there's lots of art in there too. The science is the measuring tool and the mathematics is the measuring tool as we're making those improvements. And this is where the doctors say we help paradigm begin. It's decline. Because as he was having problems with each one of his wives, the population of people were not scientifically literate. So even if someone has a problem with me, as an Indigenous doctor in Amma, we all are sharing the same scientific methodologies. So they can stay on that path and continue to grow and develop. So your growth cannot be studied by someone's emotions or argument between the husband or wife or father and the daughter father and a son. We are learning the lessons of history in real time and Dr. Sabie's life is a perfect thing to analyze and to look at to learn these particular lessons. So let's keep doing all this coming. Let's go! Good. You know, what is not a cure for out here with these special needs. I could not believe it. In about a week or a year, I was in the studio talking to a producer friend of mine, right-rated, and he just decided to tell me about a man that he knew who had the cure. In a week or a week, he was about to say. You see, come and have some children. It's been taken over there. It's coming out of the ground. Now, that's the natural water and it's very, very high in minerals. It has a pH balance of eight points. That's the high for a pH balance. You know what I mean? Like seven is used for anything above seven. We just started doing it. It starts killing bacteria and everything. So, um, the water is good. You know, so you need to take advantage of the water while you're here for 30 days. Because when you get back home, the first time I came out and went back home, I could smell the chlorine in the water before you, whatever they put in the water, you could smell it. You know, just from having been out here and taking a break from it, in an expert in my skin, you know, that's all sensitive. Once you get out here and start clansing it, that's all sensitive. You're going to get the odd stuff. When you get back to the states, you go and notice a big, big, big difference. So, I'm saying, why you are here to take advantage? Trying to take advantage every single day in this water. And before I get to the ground, I hate everything. You know, I was ready for everything. So, after I get to the ground, yeah, I hate about being very, very shiver, alcohol, and so on, there's an expert in some options. It's always okay. But, um, for that day, I lived on June 100th and June 100th, while I was at sea moss, through the vegetables, and after a daily period, I went in four hours of sleep a night. My every level was in private life. My intuition was the one thing I did who was not going to go for a night. I had to take it for a call, I had to put it back. My sense of, you know, being a bear. I had no desire whatsoever to be any of the things that I had in before the clouds, because I felt that good before the clouds, I had eggs in it. It runs to my family. You know, I didn't have it that bad, but everyone's so often gives like that, branching my face when I was never, since I had changed my opinion and that I had no right off. I had, um, before I took the clouds, I started, I had bladder infections, and I didn't want to get one of, you know, it's easy to get one again when I get one. I started with a little more problem with me. After the clouds, never, and I experienced another one. Before I took the clouds, it took me hours out of the hall, for me, a shirt, which is a sanctuary that I come all the free conditions in the center. When you take a baby, you see me, you see me, you see me. You see me, you see me, you see me, you see me, you see me, you see me, you see me. Saviour claims to have found the cure for several life-written diseases, including AIDS, to get to be true? Well, you need the judge. The love and murder breaks left breast is gone. I run ahead and I sit with a problem with the thing. Sabrina Peterson's done no longer disabled by sickle cell anemia. He has a lot of energy at the naked breast. Diseases cured by this man, his name is Dr. Savi, but you won't buy the medical debris hanging from his wall instead of a certificate of healing. Now we have to deal with the fact that there were people who made many complaints. Over the years, I have seen these complaints over and over and over. As the families began to divide, and Dr. Savi made announcements that his former wife, his daughters, etc., returned against him. What we saw is the fall of a legacy. People began to show up with products with Dr. Savi's images on it saying that this didn't work. This injured me. This hurt my child. This hurt my head. Of course, you can see the Dr. Savi, so full. This was a hair follicle, ointment, and this is the original labeling of Dr. Savi. Question is the he produced this product or someone else. And we know who that someone else was. It was Pablo Medina. He a picture with Dr. Savi. Pablo Medina was locked up with Dr. Savi. I'm worked in the LA office. This was one of the people along with Jenny, the Lassignor, who Dr. Savi appointed to work with him. His daughters, his ex-wives, he canceled them all. This is the clear picture of a man who could not trust his own people around him who are his blood, and his community and with outside of his community to choose someone. And very well, these people couldn't have been agents or not, or this could have just been some type of issue that happened. They still currently run Dr. Savi's company in Los Angeles. His family is not running it, and this is the travesty of having a situation like this. This is the lesson that we need to learn. We're going to listen to Pablo explain what happened to Jamal Brown. I was appointed to this position by Dr. Savi in a couple of years before the past. I met Dr. Savi in over 20 years ago, and as many of you, I came to know to help. I was sick myself and no doctor could do the diagnosis I had. I was healed by Dr. Savi in some actual and became friends. Dr. Savi started teaching me about herbs, beginning process, young community, the living body, and the academic environment of balance. I took several trips with him to Honduras in Mexico where I acquired first-hand knowledge of the herbs in the music. I come today to address our community, friends, and customers about the Judas circulated the internet of Mr. Jamal Browns and raised the ration to one of our products. First of all, I want to share all of you that the formulas have not changed. The formula is that are currently selling the main intact. As Dr. Savi and I worked on the following passing. I promised Dr. Savi in the following past that the formula was made in the same and that I would continue to do substantial research on herbs to see if there was a way the formulas could be improved. But as of today, the formulas have not changed. Then we have asked why we had not tried to help Mr. Jamal Brown with his current health. I want to get everyone know that we haven't reached out to Jamal on several activities. As soon as we learned that, as I posted some videos on social media, we contacted him to offer help. We offered to go see him or that he could come to the other office to the system. However, Mr. Jamal Brown retained a river council and the rigorous for his returns. There would be a river for us to contact him on the river, but sometimes higher to return. Now, in all honesty, I have never seen someone have such a reaction to one of our products. But I want to be scared of help to Jamal. Jamal, if you were here watching this, we were here to help. We want to help him. I hope this message has answered some of the questions and I want to be scared of my commitment to keeping Dr. Savi in his legacy of life and my commitment to all of him. And what we have going further is Dr. Savi, suing his family. You see his daughters, his ex-wife, past his name here and what was he accusing them of? He was accusing them of stealing over $20 million in assets from him by setting up a company that he did not direct them to set up. And in the process of setting that company up, defrauding, embezzling, stealing money from Dr. Savi. Specifically, his focus was on Shavey Chapman and Pat C Williams or Pat C Bowman, who has now become famous for representing herself as Dr. Savi's wife. They ended up moving to Miami as you see on the court transcripts and these are the obvious transcripts where she said her father fired her. She was fired from the business. And so what we are looking at again is her calling Dr. Savi by Charlotton. This is her social media page and I want to show you at the same time why she was calling him a Charlotton of fake and all these other things. She was online praising him. This is her with her sister Kelly and this is another picture of Kelly who's also famous for being online talking on various shows. And so this is Pat C here and these were the family members although the and public saying great things about Savi were being sued and actually hated him. So let's hear Dr. Savi you see this again. This is a photo of Dr. Savi two weeks before he died. The case was won by Jenny releasing your and she was able to recoup up to $2.2 million or at least a judgment for that. As you can see this case carried itself all the way to 2023 and so none of the daughters won anything in any case none of the ex wives won anything in any case. Dr. Savi did have a will that he made one year prior to his death. And in that will he made Pablo Medina and Jenny villacin your the executors of his estate. He did not name any of his former wives, daughters or sons as executors of his estate in the will. This matters still being argued before the court now because the wives have come in tried to place their names even though they are not mentioned here. Some abomin and tile abomin to his daughters are the only ones who left with 50% each of what Dr. Savi left. He signed the will and the will was notarized legally for all to see. This is the last video we have of the great doctor Savi as he's been arrested in Honduras for money laundering. He's with Pablo and you can see his destruct one of the greatest healers of our time for some sitting on the ground left in the back of a police car. So what happened to the great doctor Savi in that jail? His daughter Usha and her mother my abomin did an interview on Tasha K and I'm going to quote some of the statements that were made by Usha. I spoke to him about three days before he had passed Tasha K and I wouldn't be able to say that from that conversation that he passed from pneumonia. No, that's not my belief. Dr. Savi was freezing in a jail in Honduras for two weeks and he was on a two week fast. I wouldn't be able to attest that he died of pneumonia and besides we had a confession so no I don't believe that Tasha K asked a question. You had a confession. Usha states absolutely absolutely Tasha K says a confession asked to link how he actually died or Usha states as to how someone participated in his death but we don't want to speak names times because it's an ongoing investigation right now. I'm very happy that that person came to us to let us know what their part was in it and why and I'm well we appreciate that but it's an ongoing investigation asked to what happened Tasha K. What were his last words to you on that phone call Usha? I know someone who should is quoting Dr. Savi. I know someone is trying to kill me so I refuse to eat the food in here. I'm not touching this food. That's why I'm fasting and those were the closing words of Dr. Savi to his daughter Usha, the daughter of Maya Bowman. So what happened to this great iconic figure? No one amongst the celebrity world as Dr. Savi, a great healer, challenging the mainstream healing systems, himself skilled in the art of herbology, able to perform healing for many decades, also showing great scientific literacy, in some senses, two things can be true at the same time. We have a great healer here who is also not so great in other areas, but we also have the most important lesson in iconic figure who passed away in a hundred and jail. We don't know how he passed, we have the report of pneumonia, we have a daughter speaking to him three days before he died. Dr. Savi, our freighter Bowman is one of the grapes, but what lessons will we learn from his life? All right, so we're at the end of our discussion on the great Alfredo Bowman, Dr. Savi, and we have covered a lot. We've covered his early history, we've inspired him to get into healing. His early movement coming into America where he worked at how he engaged healing himself first, by being healed by a Mexican herbalist, his push to get off of his job, to get into healing, and by the age of 47, he quit his jobs in order to pursue what he came a movement. His first wife, the second wife, his third wife, his fourth wife, his family issues, the clearing up of whether he went to court and was proven to be able to cure AIDS, sick of cell and cancer. We cleared that up very clearly by showing that that was not the case, but he did win a case in order to practice selling his supplements without a license because he was not seen as diagnosing and treating anything. And he lost the case where he agreed, my eye agreed, and that having a separate agreement agreed that none of what they were doing was to treat cure heal, human disease, in any way form or fashion. But we have the testimony of people saying they will be healed. We also have the testimony of people saying they were not. We also see, as more problems occurred in his family, that the production of whatever was at the beginning with Maya was not the same by Pablo, by other peoples. We also never recovered any actual receipts of a book, a video showing these proofs. So what we are learning is that there was a lot of chaos, a lot of disorganization, a lot of hatred, a lot of fighting, and we are left with the man who had the distance himself from his own blood, and really his own community, and go to another community, Spanish community, to seek support. He made them executed on his will, that is Jenny, noticing your and Pablo Medina. So we have a lot going on in the life of this man that shows that at those things we're not going on, we could have possibly had developed a system that would take over the planning of healing. Despite the fact that we highlighted some of his borrowers from Arnold Eric, other authors, there was a movement that was started, and what has happened to it now. Well, I'll address these two things I'll close out. Let's address the science, the whole plant-based community now, the vegan world, the sea moss world. I didn't put a lot of those things in there where people talk about 92 minerals and all of that. We already know that sea moss does not have 92 minerals and that high levels of scientific and literacy, then and now in this community, but the world is pushing different trends now in health. And so sometimes even though something can harm you in one way can help you another and it's good that people are eating more healthy, but we need and we must have families that are loyal to one another, businesses that have the structures in order to survive one person. We have repeated this as a community over and over and over again. The Arnold Schwarzenegger is with the over billion dollar empire, and in one clean sweep generation is gone. Dr. Sabie, Bill's momentum has a village, left it to two of his doors. Got all these things going on and it collapses. So we have not learned the lessons of history. So all of the people who were saying, God, why are you doing this documentary? If you can't take two hours out of your time to learn about a man who started in 1980 and worked to 2016, right? So with 30 some odd years, the most 40 years of work, they put in to try to help the community heal and get the details of this life, not the bias, cult, the mentality, but the mentality that allows for you to vent, the mentality that allows you to see the mistakes that were made by the daughters and the wives that could apply to you in your small or large settings, goals and aspirations. But the concepts that are in the plant-based community today are mostly bogus. We have this thought-out idea that plants are designed for us to eat them and we have over and over and over again that plants fight all predators and have things in them that will make you sick if you try to go and eat them and that the domestication of wild foods which is the creation of hybrids. Nature makes us own hybrids through cross-pollumation, bees, causing cross-pollumation, wind, causing cross-pollumation, but humans farm and in the act of domestication, you alter the plant, you alter the plant so that it becomes edible. So all of this type of talk about hybrids and it makes the community look scientifically illiterate because they are. We have to domesticate plants in order for them to be highly edible. They're all wild foods that we can eat. But there are many that we can not and are parts of the plant that we cannot eat. Even the domestication of certain foods will coaxilates and fight tastes and fight of estrogen and tannins and other things that have to be cooked, raw food is to remove from the food or eating them raw and you're getting all these oxalies and you start to go at your feet and get small and you think it's because I'm on this raw food diet. It's no because your minerals are being leaked out of your body and the health complications come. Dr. Sabie died fasting which means lowering his red blood cell count in a hindering jail which according to the best testimony that we have was cold. So you're fasting because you can't eat because you're afraid to eat because you don't want to get poisoned. But your hemoglobin is deteriorating while you're fast for the people who like to do 40-day water fast and all these other things. You're injuring yourself out of ignorance and so what I'm saying to my people who do listen if you're in the health field get the specialization that is required so you become scientifically literate in your field if you want to fight big pharma and do all these other things that's great but you have to be scientifically literate to survive, to continue to grow, to continue to improve your products or your services or whatever else is going on. And lastly the family, the issue of eternity, how man and woman are relating is way more important than alkaline acid. Way more important than CMOS with 92 minerals or not. For a more important than can't I cure a sickle cell, HIV cancer or not because even if there are lost diagnostic sheets somewhere, it didn't matter in the hand when people became enemies and people became enemies. Everybody started fighting. There's still people in this family now fighting to get attention to say, I'm Dr. Sabie's grandson granddaughter daughter, best friend, ex-wife and I got the solution to this problem and obviously you don't because the legacy has been destroyed by the very people who carried his blood and we love that one point in our active work. Dr. Sabie said something very important in his documentary that he never felt understood by his wife in particular. We have seen this pattern with noble jewelry, I don't realize what I'm in. Malcolm X, how many times do we have to see it to see the importance of the bond as the means of health between man and woman and how that impacts every other thing that's going on in your life. So we lost another great one and we have the same repeated lessons before us and instead of arguing about the science, I'm arguing that if we don't master family, we don't master anything. I did not do this documentary to the famed Dr. Sabie, I met Dr. Sabie, he was a beautiful man, we all have flaws, we all grow, but now he's going and we are here and two his daughters, his ex-wives, his family members who may come across this documentary. I did not do this documentary to the famed. You defame yourself in your behaviors that you carry out, but if you still alive, you're still walking, you're still thinking, you have an opportunity to be better to yourself and to the grandchildren and great grandchildren of Dr. Sabie so that his legacy stands. It grows and possibly evolves into something that we as a community can hold on to embrace and continue to live. His name of amongst the greats. I salute you once again Dr. Ali, Aboriginal Global Media with another great documentary, the real Dr. Sabie, the life of the healing icon of the 20th and 21st century and we'll be back with more great reports.
