VIDEO_ID: 82weMjZ1RIc
TITLE: Who Was in the Caves Part 1
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 600.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 65.8s processing
============================================================

Peace y'all. Yes, I'm going to do it. I take knowledge and wisdom and sacred history very seriously and the world's current and modern curriculums have obliterated real history in the sense of what actually happened That's what history is and they reconstructed things. They've confused people. They've caused division and So well-sourced education based on primary sources is required Many people lived in caves, Ali in northern Africa all over the world. This is true But that's not what I'm talking about. I'm not just talking about people who lived in caves I'm talking about people who were in the mountains and the caves and now they have you thinking that They weren't and they painted themselves into places that they weren't And so what I'm going to do here is I'm going to Gently elaborate on things that are you put in documentaries you can go to patreon.com backslash.com to Ali and I'll drop part two of the global white slave trade this week spin suppose to drop it But point is that you can go back if you were a good researcher prior to the 1,400 which means you need to get into 1,300 and before And if you source your documents and text properly, meaning they actually Were written prior to the 1,300s you're going to start to see communications that change things And so I want to elaborate on this and just so you know where I get that image from Get spares shotty 17th century book screenshot it and He was the one that was talking about how many it's and you know these Different terms while men etc. the point is they existed screenshot it all right, so he's talking about various types of hominies. This is important because they have you thinking hominids live Thousands of years ago denicivin the end of dolls. No That's not true in this form. They were present in Europe in This 16th century 17th century still on the planet right now on certain places, but the point is we have to get to the origin of the story And just so you don't think is in practical This was talked about Petrus Gonzalez, him and his family's daughters, and you know, this is just a condition. No No, this is something else and so you can go Straight to the Vatican library take a look at that and you can see what was going on in the Balkans past the Caspian Sea, etc But I'm going to show you That barriers will put up specifically the wall of Gorgon and the Great wall of Cate which you call China We grow all of China and correctly because these people were placed there and so all of the history that you think is Ancient Greece and Ancient Rome It never happened and the reason why it was reconstructed is to hide the fact that they were up in these mountains We know when they came out We know when they went in. We know what happened while they were there We know how they lost their form. We know what happened and so This is not conspiracy theory. You don't go from you melanin to feo pigments Without an explanation and about an evolutionary biology. That's not give that. I want to give it So let me ask your question Who is this? This is from the Leo Bible. Who is that? Please, and brother. Who is it? It's the Pope. Look at his name. The carries the first ruled 10th century. Why is that important? Who is this? 1945 the carries the third he's the Pope. How can you learn about this Pope? So my Education to you is to for you to know that that there was a different Pope that little Pope over there in Italy was an overseer who started the rebellion or he was a part of the team that started the rebellion in the 1300s 1400s. Yeah, okay Great wall of Gorgon That's the cast PNC over there. Below this is I ran and this is moving over towards Lower East and Europe into Asia Where's the Great Wall of Gargorn? Gorgon This is also the wall that's mentioned in the Qur'an dual-level Qur'an Who was building a wall and he wanted to keep Gog and May Gog in So this was the Western half the Eastern half was what you call the Great Wall of China Why were they building walls to keep people up into the mountains? They were keeping people inside of what's called the European step So this is some details on the Great Wall of Gorgon some sources Here's a close-up a physical view Somewhere geography so you can see how it is with iron All right So now you're going to see why iron has a problem with a particular group of people when they have had a hunt for a long time And this is what ironians look like at the time Sassanians etc. They look like this and I have to show you this and this Because it was playing explain this source Grand Cathay was the capital of Tartary And Cathay is where you get the word the Greek Catholicos Catholics have nothing to do with Christians in a church Cathay goes does go back to Tartaria And the Catholics were the people who followed that universal system Now Tartary was a colony of Egypt I'm going to use this book that showed you who was in the caves. This is a 1330s round 1330s book Going back to my other subject the saltans at the tower of Babylon that was in Cairo So you see here of the Great Khan of Cathay and they're going to talk about Khan the Genghis Khan, Haluga Khan all the cons and they're going to talk about the laws and customs of Tartary etc but they're going to show us down here Who are these people who were dwelling in the mountains? So you see here in chapter 23 he's talking about the cons of Cathay You see it? Okay, you got it. There we go Chapter 29 of the countries and aisles that beyond the land of Cathay and of the fruits there of and of the 22 kings and clothes within the mountains in that same region being the mountains of the Caspian that men called Uber in the country. He's trying to say Uber Between these mountains the Jews of 10 lineages being closed that men called goth and may goth and that they may not go out on no side Meaning they couldn't escape now Okay, you dealing with 1300s he's saying that the 22 tribes are Jews Now you might say what that's kind of that doesn't make sense to me. All right, so this book is originally written in French and What I want to pass What I want to propose is that you listen and then I give some explanation for what's being said here Okay, they were in closed 22 kings with their people that dwelt between the mountains of Shithia Their king Alexander chased them between the two mountains and there he thought four to and closed them Through the work of his men But when he saw that he might not do it He bring it to an end. He prayed to God in the Uber form miracles or whatever, so they're saying okay You got locked up there by Alexander So again, so that they dwelt there all fast locked in and closed with high mountains all about Save only on one side and on that side is the sea of the Caspian Now may some men ask since that the sea is on that one side where for go they not out on the sea Why don't they leave by the sea for to go Where that them like it This language is crazy But to this question, I shall answer that the sea of Caspian go out by land under the mountains and run it by the
