VIDEO_ID: 9Hy893hK8GI
TITLE: Health Debunking Series We need Protein & Why Dr Ali vs Yahki & Sebi
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 10334.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 1457.5s processing
============================================================

Alright, I think live. Peace family. Hope everybody is well. We are loading up all of the other streams. Welcome to average in a global media with your hosts. Don't want it only the ghetto scholar. We're loading up the other stream so we can get these streams running all together and get you all the data. Now we promise that we will do today is a banger. Today we are starting a short series on debunking erroneous health concepts. Alright, and we are going to get you a type of information that you need in order to understand basic concepts so that you can live a really high quality of healthy life. Not be confused about it. Not be broke trying to spend millions of dollars on different things that you heard or what you should be doing. And keep a longevity to out your life with zero health problems unless you get shot or have some type of accident or something where you need therapy. But in general, outside of what we are leaving us accidents, you should not have any health problems at all. You're going to have a life. And that's what we're here to talk about. We're here to demystify sensationalized information that has been rampant in the online health community. With the power of monetizing content. The quality of information drops because the incentive is sensationalism sells and so there is a part of the human psychology. We are more interested in sensationalized or negative things because our brain perceives it as something we should give attention to. For lack of a better way of evolutionary purposes. But when you mature, when you start actually have a healthy prefrontal cortex and start having good use of it, then you can get past this sensationalism as a trigger. And I'm saying that to say because what I have noticed over about two decades, a little longer than two decades almost two and a half decades, is actually 28 years. Let's put it in exact context. Is that people with sensationalized things through delivery of these spaces and content. And they, at before there was social media, they would do it through lectures and DVDs. But the sensationalism was there and it impacts what people believe that they should be doing or not doing. And it can lead to drastic situations. And so I want to let everybody, let this load up, let everybody, you know, get in place and hit that like button, so we could get folks up in here. We need to get the folks up in here. Hit that like button, hit the share button. This is for children, there we know adult content and this is for adults as well. Got some poking the building, everybody check in in the building. I want you to look and let's go to IG. We are focal IG. We are live there. I can't see the comments. See the comments. Are we still live? I don't think so. Let me get Instagram back live. Think we are live, we should be live, right? If we are off of Instagram, then all the people on Instagram, they just got to come to to the stream. Crazy, come to the stream on YouTube. That's the best we could do close that out. All right, come on in hit the like button when you come in. Hit the like button when you come in we are just at the beginning within the first few minutes and our objective. Is to cover this subject. This is a debunking session. And we've heard very popular teachers tell us lies about anatomy and physiology that impact what we eat. What we think we should eat, how we supplement our exercise. Whenever you have an opportunity for higher knowledge and you access it, you can only have improvements. And so that's what we are here to do. We're here to add on those improvements. Come in and hit the like button. And we're going to have a Q&A. So I'm going to drop the link inside the invite link inside so that we can come on and have this conversation. You should be considered about considering. Considering our important inequality of life is. And how are you going to educate your children. Because the world is going to change really fast when it comes to how information is delivered. And so it's going to become more problematic. As far as perception of subjects like this. Actually looking for a photo to share with you. As we talk about this so you can see. What atrophy looks like from me. My experience. I was a plant base for 23 years. And for five years now. Gone are six. I went off flat base to experience experiment with that to see which one was more effective. That was the goal. And I have all the data now that I need. Hit that like button when you come in. Please family. Hit the like button when you come in. Yeah, I'll find this photos I can share with you give me one second. And this is also why it's important to have jurisdiction. And to publish your works through various means. It could be through documentary work. It could be through books. But our works need to be published so that it can be vetted and reviewed. That's how you make improvements. At a higher pace at least. Yeah, I want to show the progressions. So you can see them on in. Come on in. And if you're watching this, you'll probably be loud. Well, he has to start it here. I'm letting the folks fill in because I hate to get started. You have to repeat myself. So. On the playback. Y'all could fast forward to when I started talking. And going in, showing slides. I was hoping that could find this photo. Took a photo in 2012. And I had been one year into. Um, a frutarian diet. So not only was I plant based. I did about a year. A year and two months. Um, frutarian. And I want to show you what I look like. Versus. Four and a half years back on what I consider to be food science. And what a food science means is we eat. We eat what is. Nutrishes. What is scientifically proven to be nutritious. That's what we eat. So we don't have no fats anything can be subtracted or taken away. Based on. Assessment. And use. And so the fat dies don't do that. What they do is they. They'll tell you the things based on facts. Based on sensationalism. I want to. We want to get around it. Yeah, I fight was crazy. Fight was crazy. But it was easy to see what the issues were. It was just a little technical issues. And also, you know, tank. Once you start talking about. You want to retire. You probably need to take a break. And if you don't take a break, what's going to happen is it's going to affect your performance. Especially when you go up against a. Uh, better better fighters. And so casual things don't know. Lamont rose for Lamont roaches is a class fighter. And so. Uh, tanks defense was off a little bit. It's to speak were good, but his hand hand placement. And, you know, how his parian punches and slip, you know, slipping punches. The defense was off on his entry and exits into, you know, that. So yeah, the fight was either a draw or Lamont works. Or Lamont watch roach one. That's why you could get out of it. He took the knee because he did have something in his eye. That was up to the rough to. To caught it, you know. Um, but no fight was really hurt. Like, not bad. And, uh, it was just. It was just boxing. It happens. You know, Floyd. I've watched Floyd may weather. Um, I almost get knocked out by Shane Mosley. Um, they were saying a lot of people were saying that Floyd lost the first fight that Castillo. And he's lost the first fight to me, Donna. You know, you're going to have opinions as boxing. And great fighters lose. You know, I remember, you know, Floyd says he never got knocked down. I saw him getting knocked down in the jab. Does that judo fight? He got caught and then he stumbled and his glove hit the ground. He got, he got, you know, he got put down. Um, Terras Crawford 41. But me and machine did catch him with a ride and put him on a game. And rev did not call in a knock down. It was a clear knock down. So, you know, boxing is that kind of sport. It's a weird kind of sport. Sometimes when you're to catch Kyle, you're going to get better calls. Um, it's not fair in people's eyes, but it's a part of that. So, you know, you know, He was just that. He said, Off and I, you know, he, this is 30 fights with 28 knockouts. You're not going to go study my mind, but I'll leave. Floyd, me, whether. Uh, Pernel Wittaker, Sugarweight Robinson. Everybody has an off-knit. And all the factors that contributed to that made it off-knit. So, I don't look at it bad. You know, I like all the fighters I want all of them to make money and stay healthy. So, my growth did a great job. It's going to put him in contention to fight better fighters. Um, tank is going to, they're going to do a rematch. Probably not immediately, but they'll do the rematch. Let it build up. I'll go make some other bags and come back to that. And, uh, it'll be a different fight next time. Uh, for both people, both will improve because they get to watch film. You know? So, I didn't commentary on that. Subscribe to my channel worldwide boxing. You can type in worldwide 99 boxing. And you can, uh, subscribe to the boxing channel. If you'd like commentary, uh, I do our training. Our boxes, if you ever in Atlanta area and you want to do any training. Uh, I train boxes. All the training. Uh, you know, heavy bag. Uh, everything. The mitts. I'll spar with you. You know, I don't care. What's your weight class? Did you get from heavy weight to light weight or whatever? It was because far, uh, we can, you know, exercise. Uh, I deal with, uh, boxers and nutrition, um, Prop weight cutting. So that you're not going to be like, uh, somebody's fighters who are great fighters. But they are weight cutting bad and they're starting to affect their performances. And so, if you have a my son boxes. If you have youngsters that box and you want them trained. You want them to learn out of weight cut properly. You want them on the proper nutrition. You want them on the proper exercise. For, for, um, maintenance of health throughout the processes of fighting. Uh, hit me up worldwide boxing 99. Or you can just hit us directly on, uh, on IG at guy body OG. Uh, this channel was used for mainly scholarship and history and health. But my other channel worldwide boxing, uh, is used for boxing commentary in that kind of thing. Yeah, I'm still looking for this photo because I want you to see it. You know how you got a million photos. I'm gonna pull all of them up, but I'll get to it. I won't get to it. I know it's here. Well, yeah, fights were good. Um, Gary Russell beat up Riot last night. So that was good in the sense of, for him, not for Riot, of course. Riot, you know, he fought hard. Riot was a good fighter. He couldn't get in his office of rhythm though. And, and Gary was pushing the pace and Gary was stronger than it physically stronger than him. So Riot didn't know how to adjust that. Uh, tell us a little good. Um, Martin and, uh, play all great scrap. So it was some good fights. It was some great fights, actually. All right, so let me, uh, let me find this, this video. I know exactly where it is now. I had to get my dates right. And I want to show you all these photos because the quest, the subject of tonight is, why we, why we need protein. And this is a response to misinformation put out by, uh, a baby and Yaki awakened. But I say we don't need protein. Proteins not real, um, all of that, you know. I have all my videos and I don't know if I'm going to upload them. I'm uploading them to my pace here on. But I can't say for sure, I'm going to upload all of them to this YouTube channel. Because my lectures are quite controversial. And so, you know, people come, if I do a controversial subject, I don't care if it's on health, history, law. People come report me. They try to get strikes against me to get my pages on. That's the technique. And so, I'm going to be careful about what I post here. Um, but I will post some of them. But if you want all of that content, you can go to my Patreon, www.patreon.com, That's the last doctor I leave. And I'm uploading all of that content to my Patreon. I'm Patreon all the stuff about the Bible and all that stuff that's going to be on Patreon. I don't want to put it here because if I talk about the Bible and talk about the white men who wrote the Bible and talk about the origin of Jewish people and those things, then, you know, Facebook, they're going to strike the video and shut down the channel. That's just what's going to have. And so, a lot of my very strong content will be on Patreon. So you can see, see it right there. August 12 and 13th, we have our birth conference. I'm going to repeat that a lot because I want you to know about it and participate if you can. All right, so this is my photo from five years, four and a half years into the food science diet, found that, and let's find the other one. And we're talking, you know, we're just talking building muscle, which is super important, like not the stupid obese muscle because obesity comes through many different ways. I'm talking about healthy muscle building, right? So, let's go here and get the last photo and then I'll be ready to give you all this combo right away. Come in and hit the like button. We about to go. Hit that button and if you want to subscribe to Patreon, go right ahead. Because you're going to get way more quality information on Patreon, all the documentaries, all that stuff is on Patreon. I'm only uploading certain things here because they'll be careful on YouTube. You got to be careful, they will try to shut the channel now. And you know, these people who don't want me to say certain things, they just hop my information and it's as soon as it's something that they think that they can give me a strike for their reported. I'm just being strategic so I can stay here with you. I mean, I want to do YouTube channel. I literally, oh my bad, I put Patron. I don't know why it's not, let me do it. Okay, there we go. Yeah, Patreon. Yeah, I want to drink Patron. I got no interaction with Patron. Alcohol will never touch my lips and no one will be interacting with people who drink alcohol. You know, I'm kind of a piercing that way. I really don't like ask people do I eat out. I will not eat out except for very rare cases when I'm traveling or if I know a person who has very hot high levels of hygiene and quality in their restaurant, which is almost nobody. So other than that, I make all of my meals myself at home every day. And it's good. It's not, it's not nasty vegan food. Here we go. This is me. This is me with sister abundance. She's gonna laugh when she sees this picture. So let me send this to myself and then you guys can take a look at this. I want to, I want this to be clear. I waited all these minutes to post these photos so I can show you the different just in my own life. I'm not showing all the clinical trials that we've done. I'm not showing my client file book yet. You know, that's more extensive proofs, but I want to show you and I want to detail to you. We need protein. I'll leave how do you suggest that someone fall back from drinking a pint of liquor a day without going through withdrawals. Main reason for drinking is border. That's a whole psychological problem that they have. So you can, I can give you all the herbs and other things that you want. There's a psychological problem there. So any, any, any counseling. Now for the biological part, they need stuff that can make them feel high. Blue lotus, peotate, trumes, cannabis. All right, all types of things that you can take into your body to relax your nervous system. You know, all types. Let me go to my email and pull these photos up and then we can get busy. Let me, let me, let me see. Let us see. I'm right now in the email to come through. We got it, we got it, we got it, we got it. There we go. One, two, three, photos. Two, three. All right, all these up. Let's go, let's go. Hey, live, just say I could see this. So in the second. And I'm going to go to some of the books too in the beginning that I think that you would need. The great for you to have is this slow day or technological slow day or what? All right, here we go. Just to lean some stuff so I can get this down. All right, so somebody saying animal protein is not the same as protein from beans. See, this is the type of ignorance. Let me show you something. This is the type of ignorance we have to get rid of. We have to get rid of this ignorance and let me say this because now we've got to crank this up. If you don't know something, don't act like you know. And I'll put, I want all the smoke today. Go, go to your Google search. I'm not going to be googling nothing. This is this is 28 years worth of nutritional study in detail doing diagnostic so much. That's what you're talking to when you're going to be talking tonight. I'm going to be, I'm going to be very polite but very arrogant. Because we don't need people who are acting, who are acting. That's that's popular now. That's the sensationalism I was talking about. You go, it's a performance. Go be destiny bench. Destiny bench is doing good numbers as a comedian. Go be an actor. Do not get into science. And when you want to correct something, you go through no processes. You assert it because you believe it through a sensational mechanism. And then if you happen to have an audience, you misguide thousands of people possibly millions. And so that's what this entire night is about. The sensationalism and the misinformation in the health field and it's not relegated to any ethnic group or race. Lots of people are doing. Even even the NIH and other institutions do it. And so this is why we have two things. We have jurisdiction. And for 18 years, I have ran Aboriginal University. Aboriginal University started off as a curriculum in a school with almost 200 children that I was the principal of. I developed a curriculum called creating order and responsibility in education core. My only job I ever had was working in the school system. And anybody in Philly knows that in 2003 I worked at that position. I left and I became an entrepreneur and for the last 21 years I have been an entrepreneur. And I'm saying that to say that when I took up what I took up, let me give you the backdrop. My mother got cancer when I was in college. She was only in her 40s. I had no children then. I'm 22 years old. I had already made my changes. My last year of college. I made my changes. Anybody who played for temple know when we were at the double tree, which was the place that we stayed. And I stopped eating the sticks and other stuff. It was looking at me like, well, I was wrong with you. And then college, I was my size at safety. I played free safety. I played corner my first year of the I played free safety in strong safety at Louis Switch. But I was 61 about 207. Fluxuated between 205 and 210 in college. After that, my normal weight is around 197 now. I'm about 208 right now, though, because I've been an experiment with gain of some weight. But when it comes to my mother, she had cancer. She had cancer first. It was in her breast and he did chemo. Then it spread to her thyroid and parathyroid. They did that atomic radiation thing that they do. Then it spread to her overseen uterus and ovaries. And she got a hysterectomy. So that's three bucks. She's doing chemo all in that. Spread to a lymph node and they're like, well, we really can't do nothing. You've got to die. I help save my mother's life. And she has gotten to see all six of my children. My oldest child will be 20 this year, my youngest child, 13. So she got to see six human beings because she made a change. So that's the orientation. My goal in life at that time was to become a sports medicine doctor. And to work as a sports agent if I didn't make it to the NFL. That was my whole background. Okay, even if I did NFL, afterwards I'm going to be a sports doctor in a more work as a sports agent. I happen to be doing those types of things. But when I saw what they did to my mother, I promised myself I was going to make my own institutions. Develop a healing modality. This is 1998 to 2000. This is going through my mind. This is what you got to do, brother. I'm 22 years old. I will be 50 in a couple months. And once I made that decision, I never retarded. I acted on it and I built myself up all the way to here. At the beginning, I was missing form two. My teachers at the beginning were all the people, Dr. Sabi. I took Dr. Africa's all these certifications. My ex-wife can verify we pay for all those courses with Dr. Africa, Joe Pukrum. We brought Dr. Sabi to Tim University. Mariah McCain, all the natural paths during that time in Arizona. Who else was popular? There was a lot of popular people. But so we are studying. What I realized is that none of them know what they were talking about. I'm talking none of them. Dr. Sabi died. And he could have, if he were healthy, he would have made it through that challenge. Dr. Africa died of cancer. Joe Pukrum is obese somewhere. You won't need to keep going. I had a whole argument, polite argument with Dr. Africa in my car, because we brought him to Emote Academy about eating soil. This was 2000 and one or two, 23 years ago. And so what I'm saying to you is development is a pace. So I learned early, oh, Dr. Sabi doesn't know what he's talking about. Dr. Africa doesn't know what he's talking about. Joe Pukrum doesn't know what he's talking about. But when I first heard them, I was sensationalized, because they appeared to be so bright and smart. Until I learned, because I'm a curriculum designer, I put their information through a betting system then at the end of it, I came out with a thousand questions that they couldn't answer or wouldn't answer. And this is, this is accurate. I'm talking academics. I'm not talking personal about these people. I'm talking about academic scholarship and health and technical things. So I'm not going to extend you to no cleaner food to change your health. I'm not. Maybe somebody else will. I'm not going to send you to Yaki Awakening until he helps change his paradigm. And he has the opportunity because I think he's younger. I don't know what his age is. But he appears to be younger, so he has an opportunity. This is not me putting him down. What do I want to put that brother down for? He can be is and can be a viable, a more viable resource to our community. So this ain't not about a little OG smack up. You can't be out here talking about, we don't need protein. And then people in the comments are saying, the protein in the protein in beans is not the same protein as M. Do we even know what we're saying? First of all, we got to go back and define what is protein. We got to do that. I got my photos. There we go. I got my photos. I was waiting on the download. What is going on? All right, so let's get these photos in here. Let's get these photos up in here. I want you out of CDs photos. You're going to be lying. Ned! Was you sick? This is me. This is me. Trying to be a fritarian. Trying to, you know, listen into what these people are telling you. Listen to what these people are telling you. You go listen to what these people are telling you. Not no more. Absolutely not any more. Absolutely not. I will not be listening to them. All right. So when I show you these pictures, you're going to be like, Oh, that's why you're not listening to them. I get it. I get it, brother. So I'm going to deal with all participants, right? Let's deal with it. We have to deal with it. Abundance. If you've seen this video, you just happened to be in the photo. We was taking it at, Oh, 50 second. Street at the Malcolmets festival that we did every year. So I'm not bringing her in because, you know, the famous drop squad kitchen. Drop squad kitchen. Use looking healthy in the photo. I wasn't looking healthy. Some people might think I look healthy, but when I show you this picture of me, I'm about to show you a picture of me being a fritarian. One year in, I had two more months after this. So there was a benefits to learning, of course. I cannot, I cannot deny that. It was super benefits to what I, the knowledge that I gained. Like, it was, it was profound. But the actual health state. Oh, no. So now I'm going to do this comparison. And I'm going to break this down scientifically. And then I'm going to go to the books that we have one this stuff. And then we can, we can keep it moving. Everybody's getting confused. I promise you, like, and this goes to show, like, you know, take your time. Get educated for real. All right, so let me show you these pictures. Let me show you these pictures. All right, so this is me. This is me. This is me. Right here. One year into frutarianism, right? And 14 years into plant bits. 14 years into plant bits. This was 2012. 14 years in. I did my experiment with frutarianism. I will never do that again. I eat fruit all the time. But frutarianism is only fruit. And of course, I was supplementing too. And so now I'm sitting here, like, you can see my body looks at your feet. When I would do scales on myself, and this is when I, when I first started doing scans heavy, I'm looking at myself and I'm like, you wasting away. And it's showing my immune system was shocked. So this look right here that people get is a result of protein, deficiency. This look right here. That's 2012. Yeah, I wasn't bleeding. And I thought that that was because of a good thing because I was following Arnold Eric. Because I had already found out that same he stole Arnold Eric stuff. But look at him. I was sick. And so what I did figure out though is that I could gain weight. If I added vegetation back. Now there's a reason. There's a reason why when I added the basis vegetation back, I gained weight and my immune system got better. It didn't get all the way better, but it started getting better. Now this is 2012. I was 14 years in. And so we need to understand what you're looking at. So approximately five and a half years ago, I started implementing things into my nutrition that would give me more protein. Yes, you are aging faster. When you go into frutarianism, you are aging faster. I must say this. Atrophy is accelerated aging. Hit the like button. This is not what the state that you want to be in. Atrophy is accelerated aging. I was not supposed to be looking like this if I was healthy. And so I only continued experimenting with that for four and a half more years after this. Because I knew I'm in. You got to figure this out. So what did I start understanding? I started understanding exactly what protein is. And what's I answered the question? In my head about what protein is? How is synthesized? How it deals as the fundamental unit of biodiversity? Got it. I was sitting there like man. This is crazy. How they got us. So now let me go over. This is me about a year ago. They'll look this way. This is me about a year ago. Let me go closer. So you can see. I don't have a belly. This is me about 48 or 49. I don't have no belly. My. I don't have man boobs. And then I have a child sometimes. Shows is back muscles. Everything. It's all there. This person is a different person than this person. This person is a healthier immune system. Stronger. Better brain. Every. Every aspect of my life is better. And so what I'm saying to you is. This is the beginning of the evidence you can take. years do a bio scan on them and show them all their problems. I don't care what nobody says. I'm going to tell you your symptoms that you're having and then I'm going to give you the solution. But we got to go all the way back to classification and defining what is protein anyway. What is it? Because once you answer that question scientifically, you are talking about really answering. You will be good. So at Arna, we're going to bed. We're not going to let no Arna Doctor Indigenous Doctor come online, push in pseudoscience to our people. If you look at Jehudi Maya, Jehudi Maya is very atrophy. Hit the like button, I'm about to break this down to you. Alright, so let me start this now. Let's deal with some literature real quick. We got to touch on the literature real quick. Just for the sake of you knowing where you need to go, what you need to do. First book. You need this book. You absolutely, positively need this book. This book is going to teach you about nutrition, teach you about exercise and teach you about supplementation. And most importantly, teach you about the breath work and the common factor that you need in order to stay healthy in your particular biodeverse state. That's important. The last part is important. Your particular biodeverse state. You need that. So let me put this in check. If you're on YouTube, you can see this in the chat. I'm going to put these books in the chat because you need the books in order to be healthy. Let's throw that in the chat. Let me break down something about this book, how I know how powerful this is. I've had three years in my life that I went over into seven figures. Three. The one year was 2011 and 2012. Going in 2011 and 2012. The other years were 2020 and 2021. When Biden came in, Biden got my money slash by almost 50% as far as how much money I'm need. But when I wrote this book, that year I sold $447,000 in book sales. This book is all over Europe, Germany, France and Great Britain. It is all over West Africa and South Africa, the Caribbean, South America and all throughout North America. If I show you the amount of sales you will be shocked how far this book went up. The Democrats fucked up my money. But this book, what it showed me was everything that I did prior to writing this book is essential to you when you're attacking a subject. You have to deal with the science. And you have to build a mechanism to correct the science of scientists. It's called Ben. It's called Ben. And so let's come off of this book so I can show you where you need to go to get those books. But you can go right here and get that book. I just put it in the chat. And I'm going to answer that question about beans, types of beans. The only bean that I really eat is cacao bean. Even lentils and chickpeas, I don't really eat those. If I'm traveling or that's not something that I want to eat because they're nitrogen fixators. So navy beans are more of a nitrogen fixator. But you can bypass eating navy beans by eating these sprouts that it grows from which it's called haircuts. Way more fiber and you can get some of what we're calling the necessary proteins. So you can go right here and get this book. This is the ebook. If you want to physical copies, I have physical copies too. All these other books are here too. All right, you're going to talk about this one, weight gain, weight loss and weight gain. And they're others here too. I'm redoing the other material which I'm about to show right now, which is this book. I'm redoing this book right here because I had to make some corrections. Yeah, if you want a physical book, I'm showing you the website, bro, y'all, y'all, y'all not using it. I'm redoing this book. The art and science of perfect genetic health. It's going to be black genetics volume one again as an edit, a correction in it. Exploring age reversal genetics DNA repair, epigenetics and nutrition, environmental disease pathology. All right, this is important because this book goes deeper into biodiversity and nutrition. So I have this that book, I probably have this one out again this week because I've done pretty much all the edits that I need to do. And we also have this book, excellent material and advanced guide to weight loss and weight gain in proper exercise. Super important because when we get to the part about exercise, you're going to see why I teach that your girl, your wife, your daughters should not be exercising at gyms where men are a president, absolutely not. And you need to learn gender-based nutrition, which is why you won't see me eating a lot of chick peas and stuff like that. Because I don't want heavy vital estrogens to be in my nutrition or in the nutrition of a woman who would be conceiving a child that is a male by me. I don't want her eating a lot of chick peas during her pregnancy. Any of those vital estrogens or estrogen mimickers can impact that child. They definitely will impact, you're going to have man boobs, fat stomach. So we talk about that in this material and that's another material out of the three main ones that I'm recommending. All right, so let's put that back down. So we talking about the literature we gave you the place where you can get the literature, you can also go here and get the literature for the physical books. If you want physical books, you can get physical books. All right. And here you go. Here is where you can go to get physical books. Let's show you the physical books. And I thought in the chat. If you want physical books, you can get them. The perfect genetics book will be out probably next Thursday sometimes. I got to update to that. So the link is there for that and you can see that right. So now I just wanted to go through that. So we get to the critical information. This part is critical huge is huge. You're going to get all your full link from supplementation, please. And in your nutrition, you can get excellent levels of full link from supplementation. Excellent amounts from nutrition. You're about to go over. Let's look up some words for classification. Now we're going to look these words up. So we won't be guessing. Let's get the scientific definition for protein. So let's get this simple definition. Simple. We're going to get complex, but let's keep it simple. Scientific definition. In science, proteins are large, complex molecules composed of amino acids. I don't need to read any further. I do not need to read any further. In science, proteins are large, complex molecules composed of amino acids. That is the most important statement that can be made. Why, Ali? Because here is a fact of science that you are not going to get around. Everything in us, when I say thing, I mean thing around you. That is, biologic and living, or used to be living, or is in a state of decay from living to death. Or in a process from conception to birth. Everything is composed of either nucleotides, adenine, cytodine, thyme, groinine, uracel, or how nucleotides organized themselves into tissues, which is called an amino acid, properly termed a carboxylate acid, everything. Everything around you is made of nucleotides and amino acids. Everything. I'm going to say it again. Everything around you. Thing, living, biologic is made of nucleotides and amino acids. Everything, every part of your body, is made of nucleotides, amino acids and water. Or some form of hydrogel. That is a form of water. Everything. Everything. I'm going to get more complex because when I get more complex, I'm going to prove that everything is made of a nucleated crystal atom. The atomic, nucleated crystal structures make everything not just biologic, but non-biologic. And there's a way to make non-biologic biologic. So, nucleation, science of crystals, trumps, biologics. Because then you have to redefine what is life? We're going to get there, though. I'm going to let you know we can't get their structure. Proteins provide structural support for cellist tissues and organs function. And organs function, enzymes, antibodies. Hormones are examples of what proteins that perform specific functions in the body. So, when you're protein, synthesis, abilities, drop, inner-factor hormones, inner-factor antibodies, inner-factor enzymes. So, when you look at me in that picture, all of those were impacted. Proteins regulate cellular processes and maintain homeostasis. Let's go. Proteins are formed by linking amino acids together through peptide bonds. So, peptides on the intermediate between amino acids and proteins. The sequence and arrangement of amino acids determines the proteins unique structure and function. And there are more proteins, amino acids than 20. See, this is when you got a bit. There are more amino acids than 20. There are more amino acids than 20. There are more amino acids configurations than 20. But, so, if I said to say, I'll give this AI article AB- for its explanation. Because it's on point, because I wanted to get two proteins, our composed of amino acids. AKA carboxylic acids. That's where I wanted to get. Yeah, you know what to look for. I'm doing a health lecture. I'm not here to talk about the nation of Islam. At all, within my last lectures on that live on this channel. So, let's stop this presentation and come back. What I wanted to get is proteins are composed of amino acids. Like for instance, you have an amino acid called lysine, lysine, L-Y-S-I-N-E. And you can take lysine, break it down, and you get three letter A's, A-A. And what is lysine in A as a amino acid that is composed of A-A-A is adenine. So, as an amino acid, lysine also acts as a DNA repair agent. Because of the adenine, adenine is a nucleotide. This is science, and you never get this part wrong. Everything around you, biologic, is made of nucleotides and amino acids. Therefore, they form themselves into polymorphic, diverse things that we call proteins. And they're all through our body. Proteins build themselves up into structures we know as cells. So, what do you have? Let's work our way backwards. The body, systems, organs, cells, proteins, peptides, amino acids, nucleotides. And if you want to keep going, molecule, atomic crystals. Light, I just gave you the true classification system. I'm going to do it again. Body, organism, plant, animal, system, central nervous system, Indochronic system, respiratory system, lymphatic system, immune system, circulatory system. Digested, system, exochron, system, reproductive system, muscular system, skeletal system, meridian, which is the aferin and eferin parts of the nervous system. Integulmentary, skin, system, all systems. Made of what? Cells. And cells have these little body parts, mitochondria, goge apparatus, ion channels, different receptors, cellular membranes, nucleus. And these are all made of what? Proteins! And the proteins are made of what? amino acids! For all tissue structure, except that even though those amino acids are nucleotides, there's one space that's only nucleotides. And that is DNA and RNA. And so now that Biyaki ever comes back out in any video ever in the future of humanity. And says there's no such thing as protein, he should not be listened to. He needs to go back, delete those videos, go do some basic one-on-one anatomy, physiology structure, and then come back and clean that up and then continue to do a great job. Dr. Sabi can't erase it. Unfortunately, the elder is gone now. So, look to all the great that he did for the community. Corrections to the thing that he did not do well. Yeah, stop asking me about the NOI. I'm doing a health lecture. I'm uninterested in talking about religious organizations. I'll never do it again. So, no disrespect to you, but I don't care about none of that. I'm talking about your body and how healthy you can be, how healthy your mother, your father, your cousin, your family members, your future children, your future great great great great great great great great great great great great future. And the sensationalism and other stuff online. So, the problem with amino acids is something I pointed out first. The problem with amino acids is that this language and classification system is upholding nitrogen as a crown. And we told you what nitrogen actually is. It is the beta decay of carbon-14. It is a decay ratio form of an isotope of carbon, which is unstable. And there's something happening to these little positive and negative charges as they descend as electricity from light. So, this is a malfunction nitrogen. It is a malfunction in the signal functioning of light to electricity. And you will never hear anybody say that. But in the future, this will be proven. And you can fix the carbon deterioration ratio into nitrogen by fixing the electricity. And it's signal communication to light. Light here is not what you see radiating from the sun. That is radiance. That's the radiance and the entropy of the radiance of electricity and magnetism. A sun shining. Any star shining is radiance and entropy. Many heat that is being released in various forms of radiation. And we can see them in a spectrum that we call roigy-bip or the sing spectrum of the electromagnetic radiation. Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and the govile. And all of them have a range. This is the electromagnetic spectrum. This is not light. Light is black. And in order for light to signal properly into its electrical and magnetic state, it needs the crystallization of a particular atom to communicate that into existence properly as the most stable element. And that is carbon. Dr. Sabes said melanin did not exist. That's crazy. Melonin is both a peptide and a protein that is synthesized by what? Go back to your chain. What was synthesized peptides and proteins? amino acids. And then you add in the other factor in nature of the crystallization which are the minerals. Tweet some enzymes in there. You got a communication network that can build you up a peptide or a protein, the melanotropic peptide system. Or proteins. Melonin. So when I talk biodiversity, I'm focusing on immunity and the interaction of the organism to light and electricity. I'm talking immunity and the interaction of a plant, animal or human. With electricity and light. Those factors need to be added into biology. Or if they are not because you consider them physics, we develop this concept called biocosmology, also known as biophysics. So we can have the subject together. Because when you take them out, you can't understand why we're saying, adverse mutation makes you pale. With lank hair. That's adverse mutation in human biological polymorphisms. Atrophy is an epigenetic condition. Control condition that eventually impacts tissues all the way down to genes. And so what we're saying is that there are amino acids. There are proteins and understanding them is vital to your health. Someone asked me a question. Should we supplement amino acids or should we just eat them from nutrition? You have to be doing both. You have to be doing both at large levels. Because if you're not doing both in the world that you're in, you're going to suffer health problems with synthesizing proteins. I'll give you an example. I can eat a bison steak and get more amino acids in one bison steak. Then you can get in five days of eating five to seven days of eating a plant-based diet. And what is that going to do for me? Well, unlike cow meat, unlike chicken, unlike pork. The amino acid structure that I'm going to get from bison has high levels of what with it. High levels of stabilized carbon, concentrations of amino acids. And if cooked properly, 280 degrees or lower with terpenes on the bison, you're going to neutralize glycation. Get the impact of the amino acids being broken down into the digestive tract properly. And those amino acids being distributed all throughout your body for repair and build up. So a plant-based person will say, don't eat meat. And I'll say, that's too generic of a statement. Food science says bison and cow are both considered meat in their world. In our world, when is nutrition and what is not? We won't classify something as meat only just to make no variation of clarity. So people can understand. It's either nutritious or it's not. You could have a colagrin wrap. You could have a colagrin wrap. I could have a seared bison steak with fresh cut rosemary and other oils. Some sage leaf heated on it. And I could get way more nutrition than you with that colagrin wrap with nutritional yeast. And what else you got on there? Get all kind of stuff on there. I ain't going to mention the places where they sell it in Atlanta. Where they help the people are sick. Hit the like button. Hit. Thank you. My brother always comes through. Hit the like button. So what is Jaki actually talking about? Jaki even made the statement that muscles are not built up via amino acids. So that's what I'm saying. Plant-based is plant-based. Plant-based is a joke. Because all plants are healthy for you. The carnivore diet is a joke. Because all meat is not healthy for you. The keto diet is a joke. When you go into a diabetic coma, what is the state? He tells us all of these diets are jokes because they don't take into one thing in the consideration. Measure what's healthier or not. And to who? Based on science. Not based on putting the label on something. Because when it's the science updates, you can't. Now you can't do that diet anymore. Yeah. Where did they get this from? He said that muscles are made of cardio. And carbohydrates. Muscles are built up by amino acids. Literally carbohydrates only give glucose. And minerals and other stuff. Because the cell receptors need the minerals. But the cells of the muscle. The muscle cells? What are we talking about here? The muscle cells are made up of amino acids which build up proteins. You need protein intake to get amino acids. That's why in that photo where I showed you, which I'll show it again. I don't mind showing it again. I want to see that again. That photo which I showed you. Let's show it again. I had an amino acid deficiency because I'm eating what? Fruit. The skins of the fruit. The seeds of the fruit will have protein. But rarely do you find the meat of a fruit is carbohydrate. Except for a few like jackfruit and others that have this big pot. But you get what I'm saying. My amino acid intake right here was low as way too low. Way too low. Then I got since after 23 years of it and the last five years. Five and a half now. This is four and a half years of meat back on getting protein. Look what happened, bro. Look what happened. My body changed to what it needs to be. Like I said, I'll be 50. I still look like this. This is from last year. This is from 2012. 12, 13 years ago. I was on a fruitarian diet for a year for 14 months. I stopped it because I got it. So got them sick. I was supplementing. Trying to take all this stuff and I figured it out. I figured it out. Like, oh my. This is deep. And when I was doing experiments, I thought I was healing faster. I was like, oh, I know I know what that was. It wasn't. It wasn't what I thought it was. But I already had it athletic. Because I've been to athlete all my life. So at 22, when I started trying to be plant based, it was a gradual process of activity. I was a division one, all American football player. Actible university. People, people on line, on Facebook, and y'all. They know me. We all went to school together. I got my athletic bill back by taking in protein. Properly. Along with all the other supplements and stuff that you need. So now let's go to classification because what Yaki was trying to do was correct classification and he made a mistake. He was only doing that because he watched my stuff. Nobody else was doing that. But me and Yaki and Yaki was getting it for me. He didn't know nothing until he came around us. And then, you know, he started really learning how to study. Now he knows how to study. But the classification system. I'll give you a perfect example of this. Yeah. I'll give you a perfect example of this. Vitamin D. Vitamin D is not a vitamin. Vitamin D is not a vitamin. Now watch this. Let's test AI and see how smart it is. Let's look at this. They're still calling vitamin D a vitamin. We call it hormone D. Watch. Let's see. Now we did this years ago and then we started seeing literature get updated. Now it's updated. Well, often referred to as a vitamin. Vitamin D is more accurately classified as a hormone. Because the body produces itself. Wait a minute. Are you saying that the body can't produce other vitamins by itself? Did you know the body can produce vitamin C by itself? Is vitamin C a vitamin or is it a hormone? Let's keep reading. Well, often referred to as a vitamin. Vitamin D is more accurately classified as a hormone because the body produces itself. Primarily in the skin when exposed to sunlight. And it acts on various tissues throughout the body to regulate calcium levels in the blood. Making it functionally similar to other hormones. Wait a minute. Vitamin D controls over 1,200 genes. No genes. And it does it through something called vitamin D response elements that are in the chain of the DNA. And vitamin D can go through the DNA. Permiate through a cells membrane. Go straight to the nucleus and detect when there is a mutation in certain parts of the DNA. But here is the kicker. Y'all notice is the truth. Here is the kicker. Nobody was saying this before. Nobody was saying that vitamin D is not a vitamin before me. Who? Go find me. I may listen. I may, I may major institutions change their textbooks. But let's go back to this concept here. Vitamin D. If it's a hormone. Let's ask a question. If it's controlling the levels of calcium in the body to make your bones dense. And your bones are piezoelectric crystals. Let's ask a question. Why? Four. God. Heavens. Our black people's bones more dense than your regions. Million dollar question. I'm going to ask it again. Why? Why? Why? Our black people's bones. More dense. And the bones are piezoelectric. Then white people. A vitamin D is controlling. And it's not vitamin D. That's corrected. Hormone D is controlling calcium levels, which are the ion channels on the cellular membrane. And the ion channels. Gated in, again, ion channels. Our controlling cellular diversity. Right? Cellular positioning. GPS positioning of cells and other factors that are surrounding the cell. An absorption of calcium into the tissues. So if other groups of people have less dense bones than the vitamin D is not acting or interacting the same. Here is where I'm going to blow your mind. Let's go back to indigenous food science. Another book that I'm going to bring back out within December time. But I want to open it up for you. So you can read something about this hormone D. Then you're going to scratch your head. Because hormones are proteins. The Sun makes a hormonal protein in your body. And you have health teachers telling you that protein isn't real. I need you to understand something. This cells understand every language, Arabic, English, Spanish. They understand. Let me show you my point, though. Let's go to indigenous food science. Let's do this, Rocco. Because I show Josh study in indigenous food science that I think is relevant. And I think you all want to look at it. I think you all want to look at this. This is important. This is super important. Let me show you how important this is. This is going to open up my conversation, which is biodiversity. And I have been saying this for so long. I even made a subject called black genetics that others like inky try to steal from me. Black biology and black genetics. So I changed it to human biological polymorphisms and added it to the subject of evolution. So let's do this. Let's show you an answers question about hormone D, which is a protein because hormones are proteins. May by the Sun. The Sun makes this protein from what? What does the Sun make this protein from? Because I'm about to break down something that you really need to know about memory. Now we're about to go in. We're done with Dr. Sabien Yaki. You got your lesson for the day. Please stop saying those things that you're saying. You don't know what you're talking about. It doesn't see the thing about it is you're missing the point and you're going to jump right back to the start that genetics is primary. It's not. That's why I'm using the Sun. I'm using proteins. And then I'm using the intermediate between how is the Sun making the protein. Because they just established that the Sun was making the protein. I gotta go to my light and electricity now. You need to pay attention to what I'm saying to you. And y'all, y'all, y'all. Not y'all. I'm just saying y'all is like, you know, you're fromistically like, okay. Yeah. It's I'm not talking to y'all. Y'all are already listening to me. I'm talking to the world. There is nobody that can teach you this. Then I want to tell you why there's nobody that can teach you this. That's more important. But here's the point. That's read it. That's read this from some of y'all. Had indigenous food science. Y'all got this book. Y'all got this book. Y'all got this book. Y'all remember this book. This was a hot topic. That like 20. Uh, 15, 20, 16, 20, 17. When I was making my transitions and doing my studies. You got all the bioscans. And then you know, start getting into the diagnostics. I was like, oh, we bought cup. We bought the cup. Y'all remember it. Y'all remember this. Y'all remember this. So now let's go down to this section. Where says an excellent case is the vitamin D study lead. All by author Dr. Ravi Thadani of the Massachusetts General Hospital. After testing 2,085 blacks in white. They found that the blacks had a different type of vitamin D. And thus tests were misdiagnosing them as being vitamin D deficient. This era and diagnostics simply means the tests don't account for genetic and biological Variants. This was me saying this way back in 2015, 10 years ago. Indigenous peoples have a biochemical carbon-based molecule called melanin. New melanin. And via sunlight, they can produce vitamin D at optimal levels. Thus, we don't even interact with the sun in the same way as other races. To not account for these variances is a health crime. By the way, throw out all your vitamin D pills and go out for a walk in the sun for nutrition. Now look at this new England Journal of Medicine. Vitamin D, binding protein and vitamin D status of blacks. Black Americans and white Americans. Background. Low levels of total 25 hydroxy vitamin D are common among black Americans. Vitamin D, binding protein, has not been considered in the assessment of vitamin D deficiency. Methods. So, in the healthy aging, in the healthy aging and neighborhoods of diversity across life span, cohort of blacks and whites, 285 participants. We measured levels of total 25 hydroxy vitamin D, binding protein and parathyroid hormone, as well as some bone mineral density. Genotype study participants for two common polymorphisms in a vitamin D binding protein. Gen RS7041 and RS4588. We estimated levels of bio-evalable 25 hydroxy vitamin D in homozygous participants. So now, what are we saying here? Let's get to it. Now I'm about to debunk something that happens. Evolutionary biologists and biochemists. Made say this that the reason why black people have lower vitamin D3 levels in their blood is because the melanin is filtering out the sunlight and therefore black people have less vitamin D3 levels. Vitamin D3 levels and higher incidences of vitamin D3 deficiency. Sorry, you're wrong. You're absolutely wrong. The reason why they in Chicago, New York, Boston, DC, will low vitamin D3 levels is because of two things. They're not getting enough sunlight and they don't know where to get it from in their nutrition. They're not getting enough sunlight. The melanin is not stopping the light. Here's the proof. The vitamin D that you're saying that we don't have in our bloodstream that's measureably lower is still making our bones denser. So what are you talking about? What you're talking about is you're trying to trick us. So let me untrick you. Vitamin D is made from light interacting with a pack. I'm going to say one more time. Vitamin D is made from light interacting with lipids. Now we're about to really have a conversation. We're there now. We can really talk now because what I have to do now is break down something that you probably don't know. What's the lipid? What is fat? Well, you have all types of lipid. Yeah, cholesterol. Right? Until you get all your cholesterol is so high. All hormones are made from cholesterol. But hormones are proteins. All right. Let me prove my point though. Let me prove my point. Let me prove my point. Gotta prove my point first. Because I'm about to show you some stuff that's going to change my allergy in the future. I promise you. It's going to change. Let me show you. Let me show you. So lipids. Let's go to this is the book and a best guide to weight gain weight loss. Lipids. The science of fat. Chapter two. When we use the common term fat, we are usually talking about the sagging, looking stuff around a person's belly, hips, thighs and so on. The scientific term for fat is at a post tissue. Winning the body and lipid win influence. The scientific definition most commonly given is at a post tissue. Body fat or simply fat is a loose connective tissue composed mostly of adipose sites. In addition to adipose sites, adipose tissue continues the stromovascular fraction. S.V.F. Of cells including preadipose sites, fibroblast, vascular endothelial cells and a variety of immune cells such as adipose tissue to macrophages. We want to get there. Adipose tissue is derived from preadipose sites. Its main role is to do what is to do what is to do what to store energy in the form of lipids. Although it also cushions and insulates the body. Still dealing with thermal regulation. Remember we brought up entropy and the sun and electricity. The sun and every star is the entropy expressed through heat of electricity. Electromagnetism. We get in somewhere though. Lipid, in biology and biochemistry. Lipid is a macro biomolecule that is soluble in nonpolar solvents. Nonpolar solvents. Nonpolar solvents. Or typically nonpolar solvents. Or typically hydrocarbon lipid molecules that do not easily dissolve in water. Including fatty acid waxes, sterols, fat soluble vitamins, fat soluble vitamins, fat soluble hormones, fat soluble hormones. Such as a ade and k. Model glycerized, deglycerized, sensual lipids. Now let's break this down. We're going to start with this word. Hydrocarbon. So when I look at the structure, the structure of a lipid, what is the lipid always made of? A lipid is only and always made of carbon hydrogen and sometimes oxygen. I'm going to say that again. A lipid is only made of carbon and hydrogen, hydrocarbons, and sometimes oxygen. Penning. All right, there it is. Let's ask AI another question. We got to ask AI this question because I'm talking about the sun. I was talking about bone density and I'm getting into a subject I'm working my way. But remember, hormones are proteins. Remember that. We got to the hydrocarbons. And that book was an advanced guy to gain weight loss. Watch this. This is about to get hot y'all. It's about to get hot out of here. Let's go. So we're talking about hormones now and we're going to make a differentiation. Watch this. Let's ask AI a question and see how smart AI is. Are all hormones made from cholesterol? cholesterol is our fats. Remember that? Cholesterol is our what fats? Cholesterol is our what fats? Yes. All steroid hormones are derived from cholesterol. But not all hormones are made from cholesterol. All steroid hormones. Cholesterol is a vital substance for hormone production. Cell membranes? So membranes are what? Fact. This is why we make our products as indigenous doctors that aren't out of what? Nanolipids. Nanolipidization using this techniques that we do. In order to permeate to the membrane to go straight to the DNA to talk to the DNA. So when I improve mega leaf, when I made mega leaf a gel tab, I increased the power of mega leaf by 10.4. I already tested it. Clients who before who came to me, some of them, they have HSV or HIV. And it came to me. And all of them, I wasn't able to heal all of them. They were some of them. I gave them the mega leaf with lipid bases. A gel lipid tablet. It fused with four terpins and all the original ingredients. I got a company to make this for me. It's going in the game. I'm talking about N, E, N, D, the game. And I have this document and I'm going to blow the medical industry away in the future. That's what I'm born to do. But I'm going to be responsible and scientific. I'm going to come out and say it's no such thing as amino acids and proteins. I'm not about to do that. But steroid hormones. And then it says, okay, look at this. Yeah, hormones. A cholesterol is a vital substance for hormone production. It's synthesizing to make it in order to make it. You got to have a fact. I'm telling you the sun makes vitamin D hormone D. From that, a cholesterol. Because vitamin D is in the category. Cell membranes where your ion channels are. Your G protein receptors are your enzyme. Link receptors are your gated and ligand ion channels. Your permeation. The ellipids happens through the cell membrane. And vitamin D. I got them. I got them. I just ended the lie. The real hate crime throughout human history has just been soft. And you don't know it's been soft, so I'm going to break it down to you. Stir it hormones. Our fat soluble substances that are synthesized from cholesterol in the adrenal cortex. Right above your kidneys. Testies. And ovaries. Y'all don't know what I'm about to do. Oh, y'all have no idea what I'm about to do. Y'all have no idea what I'm about to do. Y'all have no idea what I'm about to do. Why are we focusing on fats that are connected to vitamin D? A steroid hormone. Now, and the testies and the ovaries. Why are we focused there now? We're, we're, we're about to go through reproduction. Go back to my lecture that I did on the need to repair humans. What did I say? I said that crystal nucleation, which is the first process that deals with self duplication and self production. The crystalline level, atomic level, was mimicked by how we become fertile as organisms. More earth, insects, plants, algae, humans. I don't care what entity it is. And it proves that crystal nucleation was the first process of self reproduction. Now we're going biological up to the enhanced, highest form in the human being. And we're dealing with self production again. We're dealing with fats. And we're dealing with the testies, the ovaries, and steroid hormones. And we're dealing with light, able to make these hormones. We're dealing with fertility issues. We're dealing with erectile dysfunction. We're dealing with those small issues too, right? We can pick those. But let's keep reading. The initial step in the synthesis of steroid hormones is the conversion of cholesterol to pregnant hormone. Holy shit. Do you know what's about that? Pregnant hormone is then oxidized and isomerized to progesterone. Stop! Is this why I can give you while you am with diastinininin. Increase your progesterone and get rid of all of your reproductive problems, including ovarian cysts and fibroids, uterian cyst and fibroids. PCOS. You want to keep going? PMS. You want to keep going? No men's disease. Just spotting. You still ovulate. No PMS. You want to keep going? So, progesterone, a hormone, is further modified to other steroid hormones, such as cortisol. Almondo sterone. And angrigens. We're going to get the test. We're going to get the test. We're going to get the follicles stimulating hormone. We're going to get to lupinizing hormone. We're going to get to how your cycle is created. We're talking about this through fats. FATS. Go back to this plant-based diet. Where is the fat? Where are the lipids? What is atrophy really? What is atrophy really? When you start losing your fat and your protein. What is it really on a spiritual level? What is it really? You know what it is? It's suicide. It morphs into food disorders. Obesity? And some very cases. Ah, actually because my people don't want to eat. They have next with these people. I don't want to call people names. These steroid hormones are responsible for many physiological functions, including sexual differentiation. Are they? Is there a connection between the rise of the LGBT community and this veganism? This low diet of cholesterol, low lipid, low protein diet. Is there a issue that is biologically scientifically connected to this? Did are there people who sat down and planned this, including sexual differentiation, libido and regulation of iron balances? Wait a minute. So we talked about hydrocarbons, FATS. And do you know? Do you know that if you read my books, all these people talking about methylation, methylation, methylation, methylation, methylation, methylation. Nobody was out here talking about no goddamn methylation. It's a high level biochemist and they didn't understand it. I came to you and I told you what they already know, which is that methylation, methyl, was a methyl. Methyl is a FAT. CH3 is the key to how your cells differentiate into different cells. Or it's structure. So what am I talking about here? I'm talking about light interacting with FAT. That stores energy. What is the energy that FAT is actually storing? When I say it, you're going to say I'm a liar. The sun is not light. The sun is electricity and entropy. It is a liquid hydrogen object. It's not plasma. It is not plasma. It is not plasma. The sun is a liquid hydrogen operation going on. With other minerals that are also there that lead up all the way to iron. The sun. Let me say this and be careful. The sun is a product of light. It's a product of the blackness. So what's being stored in the FATs? Because FATs deal with thermal regulation. They say it energy. What energy? Memory. Light. Memory. Light. Memory is stored in FATs. It's converted into steroidal hormones. Which have the ability to go to your DNA, which is memory. And tell if there is an adverse mutation. Which means that the vitamin D. The hormone D has a memory of what your DNA is supposed to be ordered like. And it is out. Those vitamin D response elements are not in the original order. It will say, we got a fix this. But the point that I was making is that the crystal nucleation on an atomic level is stored in FATs. And what am I saying? I'm saying crystal nucleation is how everything changes. In the universe. Everything. Crystal nucleation is how atoms and atomic structure interact with light. I'm telling you, you are losing your libido. You're losing your ability to self-produce. You're losing your desire to self-produce because you have disconnected from light. God. That is your problem. You are disconnected from your real self, which is source. And so you don't want to be in a sun. It's too hot. You need more fats in your diet. You need more lipids. The lipids are a gateway. The fats are a gateway. The methylation is there as a computer project in your cells. Home on D is a fat, phospholipid-based protein that is there as an interaction with light. White people have less dense bones. White people have less dense bones. NKA been teaching nothing for years. And I know who you are. I know who you are now. Faithful. I know exactly who you are. I'm not even going to put you out. Or tell people who you are. I know who you are though. Oh. Look at this. Look at this statement. Do you see this? Do you see this? Do you see this? Do you see this? This is the problem with black people. I challenge you because this will be defamation. No excuse me. Not defamation. It will be slander reliable. I dare you to pull up any lecture from, from Pharaoh, any lecture at all, at any time. Pharaoh does not understand methylation at all. I guarantee you. I guarantee you. None of them do. Because if they understood, let me break this down. How deep this is. For real. If you understood methylation, you could prove it unequivocably that blacks are older than Africans. And you would have to go to the Y-allopalomorphism in humans. You could prove that the first bacteria were developed here. In this location of the planet. The first plants. Trees. This subject is deep. But no. Pharaoh was not the first person talking about methylation at all. Like, cut it out, bro. Definitely was it. Inky, bro. Inky was selling. Liminate water trying to heal. People were working with T-Mobile. When he met me. And he used to come to my class. At the National Black Day, I was running in the class. Polite was a new hobby. I had an IRS problem. And they brought him to my class to get it fixed. Then he got the restaurant in Brooklyn. Inky was a worker for T-Mobile. And selling this lemon water thing. I don't know what that was about. Inky came to me. I gave him the books. The planet tropic peptide. Buying one, two and three. I took him on a tour. I still got all the photos. Y'all don't know the history. Like, y'all really don't know the history. Where was Iky in 1998? I dare him to tell me. When I was working on my mother to hit a lot of cancer, where would he speak? When I was bringing Dr. African, Dr. Sabi into college care. Where would these people were not even around? There's nothing in Africa, older than America. Nothing. In O-T-H-I-N-G. I promise you, and this is not a sensationalism. I'm sorry. The first look. They got stories in Africa about our land arising out of the waters. The first land mass ever to rise out of water was this part of the earth, specifically North America. The first solid land and soil. Listen. The first solid land and soil. I can show you where the oldest soil on earth is. It's at the base of a mountain range in America. And you know you need soil to do everything. Y'all, don't listen. Y'all are dealing with people who are just not on our level. I'm sorry. I'm just going to say it. They are not. They're nice people, probably. They're good people. But what I'm telling you right here. Let me take myself off of this screen. What I'm telling you right here. Let me take myself off of this screen. What I'm telling you right here. First of all, we dealt with the issue of there's no such thing as protein. It's ridiculous. Then we showed you what proteins are made of amino acids. And then they're made of nucleotides, nucleotides are molecules. Then we took into the crystal nucleation, which is crystal nucleation, is how rocks are formed. Because they try to make it look like organic life came out of inorganic substances. No, rocks are alive. They're alive crystals. And they're there for a reason. They are communicating all throughout an ecosystem. Dirt rocks. All of these things are living entities. And when we come to lipids, it is the lipids. This is why you can get the slime on these crystals and you get organisms. Where those organisms are organized themselves from. It's called autogenesis. Autogenesis is what life forms are formed from crystal and slime modes. Slime modes are fats. That's hold. Solar memory. Light memory. The light memory is the blackness. And the thing about the blackness is the information for everything to ever come into existence at any time. Regardless of past, present and future events is stored. Like is stored digitally in your computer. This is when they're talking to a fake quantum science. Quantum entanglement. Oh, this particle over here was talking to this particle. And then I'll have the same information. First of all, you've never isolated a photon. A photon is a massless particle. A photon is a massless particle. It's theoretical. You don't believe me. Go to your Google search. You're going to lose every time. When it comes to Aboriginal university, you're going to lose every time. You're not going to win. Don't, don't do it. But better so we want you to better. Because we want everybody to be responsible. But I just go through all that information. I'm trying to tell you, you, you, you, you, you, you. That the people who want to remove the facts and the proteins from your diet don't even know what they actually are. Thermal regulation of temperature is the capture of information from a light field. I'm going to tell you again. Thermal regulation of temperature is the capture of memory. From a light field, by a fact. So when you see hair like this, this is for thermal regulation. This brown skin, this blackness is for thermal regulation. We don't know what thermal regulation is. You have to, it's been around some, somebody that overheats real fast. They, they sweat fast. You know why you sweat in fast? Because you're having a disturbing signal interaction with God. AKA light. Because I don't want to use God because you're going to think religious light. You have an disturbing, you have an disturbing interaction of memory with light. Oh, I'm cold. You get cold fast and you get hot fast. You get cold and you get hot fast. Because you have a disturbing interaction with light. Look, I, I, I'm not even going to talk to these people in the chat. You know, some people in chat and I'm not going to put you out because you're stupid. I'm just going to let you talk. I'll let the people in the chat deal with you. Crystal healing is proper nutrition. I'm going to say it again. Because we've got to go to supplements now. Crystal healing is proper nutrition. You put in oxygen. All stuff all over your body. That's like symbolic. Your body is a giant crystal with water and bio films. Bio films are facts. The bio films under your skin are the reason why you make form on deep. These bio films are mediator communication systems with light. Films with light films that transfer the memory, the more regulation. And then that memory is electrically now used to design things. And then it turns into bio chemistry and other whole bunch of other things. And so now let's rewind our subject. The reason why you need vitamin D is because of all these reasons I just mentioned. You can't heal from diseases with these sensational theories. So let's go to it. Where do you what is the only plant on earth that makes vitamin D3? Pineapple. Pine the pine tree. The pine tree is the what? What is the pine tree? The pine tree is an evergreen tree. Evergreen tree. Christmas. Christmas tree. Christmas trees are evergreen trees. Christmas tree is supposed to be a pine tree. That's what I was supposed to be. And the winter solstice is when you erect your pine tree. Hmm. Why you erect in a pine tree and putting a star at the top? Because the star is the thermal regulator of the communication to the pine. And the pine tree is filled with pine oils. And it's filled with a hormone called D3. So you could take the pine pollen. And you can regulate progesterone because I use pine pollen in the warm healer. I use pine pollen in the mandigo. mandigo. Funding. And so Christmas is about the the the the the science of being a healing master. And it brought you a book called ausship fight the healing. Which you call Karan and Ramadan. Now they're doing Ramadan right now and they don't have nothing that I just talked about. They don't know it. They don't have no idea about nothing. But the sidra at Montaja. Sidder. Sidder. Sidder. Sidder at Montaja. A cedar is where you get to where a cedar from. It's a tree. Cedar trees are in the pine tree. Every green family. And what do you get when you smell a pine tree? A cedar tree. You get bare moans. Plant bare moans. Since. And we call fear moans and plants. What? Turpeans. This is why turpeans are there to tell you what plants are natural and what am I. So somebody asking me about navy beans. Go smell. The plant. That navy beans grow. Go smell it. What is smell it? Black bean tree or vine. What is this smell like? Turpeans tell you what plants are actually heirloom. They got this term heirloom now. That should don't mean nothing. Smell the plant. Then you're going to know if it's heirloom. See, everything around us is teaching us something. But we're best students. The Quran. All the Quran says. Only uses verse right. Reflect upon my creation. And then it goes on to say. The remembrance of the. The decoder. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. I've. Also something else would I'm trying to tell you. Is that if you want that healthy now you want to supplement and you're going to buy somebody separations. Yeah I can yor whoever was telling you that. There was no such a thing as protein. How you go for muscle. What product is equal to sell you to build muscle. That's the carbohydrates. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Definitely go to glucose. and some minerals possibly. I'm waiting. You can't build muscle with only glucose. Are you kidding me? The glucose is a few. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? So now, if I give you, if I give you plant-built, if I give you plant-built, and it has epicatogen in it, and the epicatogen is something I mentioned in the other day that's all throughout Cacao. The epicatogen does what? Downer regulates milestone, which is what? The thing that causes bad fats, it upper regulates the muscles, and the brown adipose tissue, which is the healthy fats, which means your muscles are now having the ability to remember your original design. You are a motherfucking avatar bro. But we ashy avatar is right now. Listening to ashy people. Look ashy. Other reason Yaki started working out. Because I kept saying, look at your health teacher. Look at your health teacher. You need to have this big confession. Or I was the vegan that wasn't taking care of himself. No, he was listening to my lectures and that voice from Ali was rallying your brain. Then you went and fixed it. Great. That's what you should have did. Honorable man, glad you fixed it. You didn't give me no credit. You didn't go do that though. That's fine. I don't mean it. But let's get to the supplements. I talked about the megal leaf. I put it in the chat. They ask him for it. What? If they ask him for it, let's put it in the chat. I made this product to deal with all immune issues. And I put it in jail tab. This is about 10 times stronger and you'll see. Then what we have before. I'm going to break this down. This is about now you learning at a university. Aboriginally university. How to design products. Now, I aren't a doctor's learning this. I'm trying to show you that. This is a practical thing because I make entrepreneurs. I make entrepreneurs. I make entrepreneurs. Entrepreneurs are free people who can think. This product is all the things I just say. A-pining. A-pining is what? A-terping. Time on. A-terping. Then you add the lipid envelope so it can be delivered. As a lipid across the membrane, which is also a cholesterol. Straight to the DNA to do what? Regulate cytokine response. There is no doctor that can sit here and tell you that they are rebuilding your light memory. So your body can remember what is supposed to be and it is healthy estate. And then start synthesizing those particular things into what? Molecular, nucleotide, amino acid, peptide, protein, cellular, organ, system, structure. I plug your computer back up. How are you going to do it? Breathing. You can go into it in a vast guide to healing that yourself. I shipped to the UK, I shipped to Germany. I shipped to Japan. I shipped to China. I shipped to Africa. I shipped to the Caribbean. I shipped to South America. I shipped to Canada. I shipped to Hawaii. I shipped to the United States. I shipped anywhere they have a mailing system. Yes. You ordered a product. It's going to get to you. You better pay the international fees, though, if you outside the United States. I put that over the store to let people know you got to pay the international fees. But yeah, yeah, we do. So now we got this product here and I'm sharing the product so you can understand supplementation. Because you should be taking vitamin D because you're not getting sunlight and this is leading to prostate cancer in Chicago in New York City. In New York, in Philadelphia, in Boston. In these places where you're not getting sunlight, I'm going to stop. I was out today. All in the sun. So now you're going to the store to buy a vitamin D hormone D. That doesn't even match you. We teach our indigenous doctors how to put vitamin D into its vegetable form. D3 from the only plant that makes it high in pollen and then you get your vitamin D. D3. And you're also making it. Then you can go get some more vitamin D3 from dish. But here's the kicker. If you're going to prepare the fish, you have to know how to prepare it with the proper terpenes. At the proper temperature to get the hormone D3 out of it. The most people don't know how to do that. They're not even thinking about that. They just want to eat a fish. Then you got the people who are losing their bone density, which means their crystals are falling apart. Think about what I'm saying to you. When you lose your bone density and actually your crystals are falling apart, your life is falling apart. Your ability to self-create is falling apart. To self-produce is falling apart. Your libido is going down. Your hormone system is going down. Your fat is deteriorating and drying up out of your body. Your protein structure is disassembling. Your protein structure is crystal nucleation. Diversity. A polymorphism. Falling apart. You're disconnecting from God. From the light. Doesn't the Quran tell you that what? Allah, Nuru, as Samawati al-Ayd. Allah, Nuru, as Samawati al-Ayd. Allah is the light of the heavens and the earth or of nature and matter. Because Samaw is where you get it's me. It's me. It means the name or the nature. Sam, the root. As in means nature. But the named nature, meaning identified. Aware. Are they? You get to work earth from. In Hebrew. It means matter. Allah is the light of nature and matter. Allah is the light of the heavens and the earth. If Allah, the source is light. It even describes this color in there. But we are going to go there. It's black. We know it. If light is black. The source is black. God is black. What the hell? Did you think that it wouldn't be a black man to come teach you this? It just someone's. You are need to supplement. What do our supplement with? The stuff I'm selling on. I want my eye on channels to work. I got my Nutriplex. I want my immune system to work. I got my megalith. And my immune thoughts. I want my seroton jeans to be properly activated. And increase my NAD levels. I take my NM in supplement synergy. And I teach the arm of doctors how to make this stuff. I want my vitamins. I'm going to get my vitamins. I got all my vitamins in my Nutriplex. Then I get an extra boost of vitamin D. Then I'm eating my cacao every day. My epicatitude levels is going up. Then I'm focusing on amino acid intake. L-lucing. H-m-b. All of these other amino acids that are outside of the ones that they were mentioned to you. Good. Great. And nutrition wise. Yeah. Ask the for folate. I'm eating my nuts. Brazil nuts. Walnuts. All that folate is right there. Green leafy vegetables. Seaweed. Hydrated myself. With fruits and vegetables. Get in my protein. Lean protein. Properly cooked. Turping protected from glycidate. Fish and bison. That's all I eat. And I'm not eating three times a day. And I'm supplementing. Then I go exercise. And I'm telling you, we went through the fear moans. You got your girls. Your girls are your women are in gyms with men. Taking in everybody's fear moans. That's just like her having catching a bite. I'm going to say it and you might not like it. A woman going into a gym every day is the same as her getting smashed by different niggas all the time. A woman going to a gym with men. All the time is the same to her limbic system. As her getting smashed by a lot of niggas all the time. It's like running trains on her. So if your teacher can't teach you fear moan-based exercise. Stay on no shit. You want to know why these women so crazy. They don't have no man to teach them. Except us over and over. What man is going to teach to women? Don't tell me that they're going to be Mgt. I can show you 85 is on the street. Busting down your MGT. They write up in MGT at Saturdays day. And then they got, you know, all that. Dugging with perk 80s on the table. Because y'all don't deal with the power of sex and real science and leadership that can guide people on their everyday life in a real, god, level guidance. It's not happening. If you want to make water. Get the steel water and add phobic minerals to it. That's all you need to do. You can get a distiller. The steel of the water. It takes everything out of it. It cleans the water. Peep fast. All of the metals. Get that out. You can buy the steel water. And then you can add phobic mineral drops to the water. 20 drops per gallon. You go. I know who's in a chat. Who's trolling it. I literally know who it is. Hey, we're going to get stalkers. But you know it's okay. This was the education tonight. So now we're moving to the exercise and you need to understand that life is about movement. You can't heal and be healthy and you don't exercise. You can't. It's impossible. You are not going to heal if you can't exercise. If you can't breathe, the breathing is to do what? What is the breathing to do? What is breathing actually to it? It's such a rhythm in your electricity. So that your signal won't be confused. People who know how to breathe can talk to light. Their signals are going to be great. They know when to be aggressive. They know when to be peaceful. They know when to be loud. They know when to be silent. Not based on. Banned advice. Everything is not toxic. The only thing that could be toxic is your inability to survive. It's always been toxins everywhere. You breathe your breathing bacteria and viruses in as soon as you breathe. Your body has the ability to overcome all of that. But you've got to exercise. Sprints running hills. Power exercises. Push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups. Dynamic stretching as opposed to big stretching. Dynamic stretching is the posture and movements we call it martial arts. Ask the questions. I've been answering questions all night. In the chat. I'm about to get up out of here and go eat. Because I ain't eat today. I've been exercising and running around. I need to go eat. Dynamic stretching. Dynamic movement and exercise. The object of exercising to get oxygen to the tissues. Not to build like the gas it. So your breath is the most important thing that you're doing while the movement itself is taking place. My diet was frutarianism. My diet was an extreme form of plant-based. I was supplementing and stuff but no. None of those diets mean anything. That's all I could say. We could. Y'all can mention a thousand diets to me and I'm going to say food science. How much science do you have about the food that you're eating? If not, you need to learn. That's all. I wrote an entire book with list of foods, foods to eat, foods not to eat. Let's put it back up. Let's go right back because we gotta go back. We gotta go back. We gotta go back. We gotta go back. I answered all the questions. The questions are already answered. I'll probably ask you the questions are already answered. So let's go back to Aboriginal Medical Association. Or let's go back. Let's go back. And once we get there. We're going to go to store. We're going to go to ebooks. You're going to go to a band's guide to him. That's all. Book right there. Everything I'm saying isn't it? Then if you want to go. To get the physical copy. You go get the physical copies. Right there. And now you can read. You can get the. What foods you should eat? What foods you should eat? Why? What's up with Mr. Ted? Why you need a mega three? And you're not going to get the mega three from algae. EPA, DHA and DHA. You're not going to get all of your amegas from algae. Even if you take vitamin eight along with those amegas. Because that's another theory. No, you need to get your mega three. You need to supplement. And you need to eat wild fish. Cook in the proper way at the proper temperature with terpenes. Perpenes come from the seasonings that you use. Time, basil, dill, oregano, sage. I'll have terpenes. They stop glycation. Then go back. And get your supplements. If you want to buy them for me, you need to buy them for me. I got the best supplement company on the planet. Or you can take the class. And you can learn how to make your own supplements. And you need to be doing exercise every day. Some form. I do push-ups, sit ups and all that every day. And then what I do. What I do. Lot harder workouts. A few times a week. Boxing. Lifting. Whatever. I'm going to do that too. You need to move your body. It's fun. It's fun to look at your body and be like, I like how I feel. I like how I look. No. I do not recommend eating chicken. No. I don't recommend wild ore. 200 to 80 degrees. Yes. I don't do machine exercises. The reason why you shouldn't do machine exercises is because you're not working the muscle from 10 to 10 to 10 to 10. The whole muscle ligament to ligament. You're not. They're making your tendons and ligaments weaker while the muscle is getting bigger. When you have control, free weight exercises, dumbbells, those types of things. Then now you're in a position where you're controlling and balancing the weight. And controlling and balancing the weight makes you work the muscle from 10 to the tendon. And with the proper breath now, you're getting the oxygen that you need into the body so that you can reduce a homolyactic fermentation. Which is cause called. Lactic acid buildup. And your muscle should be lean and strong, not bulky and obese. obese. Big giant muscular people are obese too. It's just carved up obesity. You're also need press 315 like it was the limit. I could still press 315 like it's the limit. And this age, I'll be 15 a couple months. I don't have you, I'll stand next to somebody. I will stand next to somebody maybe like 8 in a week, lift 315. Ain't no way. Then I'll just get under there. Whoop! Press it out and then be like that. A good nitric oxide supplement is beats. Beats is a great nitric oxide supplement. You need to avoid what destroys nitric oxide, which is mouthwash and toothpaste. Make your own mouthwash with baking soda, activated charcoal and water. And if you're going to oil pool or oil pool with black seed oil, it's strong. It's stronger than coconut oil. Black seed oil can be your mouthwash. Activated charcoal and baking soda or water can be your toothpaste. You'll never have a cavity. Steptococcus mutants will be destroyed by using black seed oil. There's the only thing that causes plaque and cavities. Steptococcus mutants. Stop eating so much sugar. No turkey is not okay. I would not be doing yoga in a room where fear moans are being exchanged with people. We shouldn't be doing exchanges of fear moans with. You have to understand. The body exercise is magic. There are 72 joints, major joints in your body. And at those junctions, you have piezoelectric centers that you call joints. Where you have tendons, ligaments, cartilage and the spongy material. And those are communication points. Exercise can sometimes even get you hot. Which you shouldn't be doing hot yoga in a room with stinky people. Black women should be doing the hot yoga in there with other healthy black women. No men. No, I don't recommend eating birds. No, I don't recommend eating black bears. Venison is okay. Now you can go to totems and find out the animals that they ate and why they ate them. And they think it's for spiritual purposes. I like to use the word spiritual because it's spooky. But yeah, there's a reason why we are telling you buffalo. They can't eat bison. There's a reason. A deep, deep, deep reason. You need more minerals period. We told you the purpose of minerals. Other people just say take minerals. They don't even tell you what the minerals do inside of the body. What do the minerals do? Oh, just take the minerals. Where do they go? When they go in your stomach. Where do they get? Where do minerals actually go in cell structure? They don't even know. They just tell you take it. I consider elk the same as vinison. Same family, relative same family. I don't eat elk though, but if you want to eat it, it will be okay for you to eat it. I would need it. All right, so look, we're done. We've been going for two hours and 45 minutes. I think I've given you enough information for the rest of your life. In two hours and 45 minutes, we need to understand the basis of health. If you want to get more detail to become an entrepreneur and take classes, then you will be leading in the health field and your family estate will grow with each generation. I promise you. So take from this lecture, the ghetto scholar has spoken. Every time we speak, we create an earthquake and the galactic academic cipher. You can really, really take this lecture and study a lot. And you can get a lot of information out of here. A whole lot. So now think about all the women who are getting silicone in their breast and they're getting BBOs and they're disturbing their fat centers. I need you to understand what they're doing. They're disturbing the fat centers on their head, which is called hair. So every place with the memory of light in God is they have your women disturbing it. They're losing their hips and getting Android pelvis. Even the fingernails and toenails. We have specialized proteins that are there for a reason. And they got pointy nails. See, this is psychosis that you cannot diagnose because you got to know your original culture. Whenever I see women with pointy nails, I already know they're sick. Psychological. Are you got silicone breasts? Yeah, you see. You changing the fact the area of the most important fat networks are the hips and the butt. This attraction to hips and butt is natural because it's a sign of memory. So like memory, the shape of a woman is a testament to design and it is a testament to steroid or hormones and which those steroid or hormones deal with self reproduction. You want to know why people don't want to reproduce anymore? This is sickness. This is sickness at this, after you are dealing with the sickest human beings to ever live. And you're also dealing with the healthiest human beings to ever live at the same damn time. I know who you are, original chiefer. That's a original chiefer is a woman. And I ain't gonna say nothing else about her. I ain't gonna talk about her until you who she is. Original chiefer in that in the comment section. This person right here, this is a woman. She knows exactly who she is. So now you're dealing with these women and they got all these things going on. And you don't know how to read them. You're not reading the signals. And they come to you all kind of ways. We're not following for it. I'm gonna teach these men absolutely how not to fall for not one trap that you're trying to lay for them. Because they are, they are. They are really trying to get better for their community so they can become the leaders that we supposed to be. And y'all in the way. I'm just going to tell you y'all in the way. So get out the way. Get out the way. Yeah. Get out the way. Y'all got a lot of study. I'm gonna get on out of here. We buy the hit two hours of 50 minutes. Let me go out of here and get me some boo and relax for the rest of the evening. Take that for your time. Hopefully, average and a little bit of media has shared something of value with you. Go back. Do your studies. Don't listen to online sensationalists who are telling you things that are way out of pocket. It's 2025, 15,000 and about to be 111 on the original calendar. It's time for us to make sure that we're wealth building, purpose building, tribe, tribal government building. There's nothing else for our people to do. If you're not doing that, you can become a democratic, liberal, crazy person. We just online and increasing their quarters all. We don't have time for that. We got too much fun to have, too much purpose to build. So, maybe those people will become our customers. In the sense of maybe we can help them with health products and Trisha and exercise and things that will increase the quality of life. Right now, they have in a hard time with the types of culture that they're engaging. It's difficult. Guess what? You got a solution now. The people who are in the circle, the circles that I built, they're not here for questions about. Religion. They're here here to build purpose, build a wealth, build a state, build legacy and have fun while they're doing it. That's why they're here. So, salute to all of y'all for taking some time out in your beautiful Sunday to listen to me. Hopefully, I've said something that is a blifting. The challenging parts, I'm just a comedian. I'd be job sting with people just so that they can think deeper, very deep about what their real purpose is so they can stop sensationalizing. And so, some of the stuff that I'm speaking of, it won't be proven until maybe 20, 30 years from now. And that's cool. We're going to prove most of it now. But I'm saying some things that are, that are, you require as proof we don't. But our success rate, our growth, will be the testament to the truth of those particular things. So, we out.
