VIDEO_ID: B_Y_wEVA1Qs
TITLE: The # 1 Exercise for Total Body Health
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 791.8s
TRANSCRIBED: 114.9s processing
============================================================

Alright, I'm back with a banger, the one exercise, one, that provides total body health. The science of why it provides total body health. Take a walk with me. Okay, you got 206 bones over 600 muscles. Over 4,000 tendons, 900 ligaments, 86 billion neurons. Look at this. What exercise can work all of this at the same time? Is it walking? Is it swimming? Nope. Hell, is it riding a bike? Nope. So what we have to deal with here is gravity, which in exercise we call load. What is going to bring the body load with the least amount of energy with the highest amount of output to help other parts of the body? Function. We even talking an exercise that can work the vestibular system, which gives you spatial orientation. And when you age, you lose something because you're not exercising your vestibular system. What is it? So it's none of these. These are all partial exercises. Running isn't even one of them. So what exercise works every cell in the body? And how can I prove it scientifically? Here it is. Get yourself a trampoline. A very good one where you can get elevation off the ground. And I can show you how to never get sick. We're talking all bones, all lymphatic vessels. Your vestibular organs, your skull, your cranium, every cell, working them simultaneously. Here's the science. Here's the background data. The pure review data. The journal of applied physiology. Has this study? What did they say? So they looked at the vestibular system. And they compared the operations of the vestibular system with rebound exercise and treadmill running. And this is what they found. Check it out. Rebounding produced significantly greater vertical vestibular responses they treadmill running. The increased response was observed in both the athletic organs and the semicircular canals. Findings were consistent across all tested subjects and conditions. Rebounding is a superior stimulus for the vestibular system at equivalent workloads. The study was published in the journal of applied physiology 1980. So let me add a little bit more science. Exercise is about gravity. The use of gravity. And once you find out what gravity is, which you will learn before this video is off, you will learn why NASA, after this study was published, did their own studies. And what they found out is that microgravity experiences in the human body equal being sedentary. Sedentary? The people who don't like to move, sleep, eat. And they don't exercise their body. Was simulating in your body. The disease, the bone loss, all of that over extended periods of times. They found that when we are outside of gravitational fields, the body starts to generate. Bone starts to generate. Lymph does it move. It's like your sleep. So here's a cross comparison of the chart. And you can see one or two moms in space equals one to two percent loss at people who are averaging about 860. And this varies person to person. So here's the science. Gravity is a continuous skeletal loading signal. Absence accelerates loss. Loss of function, loss of health. So zero gravity, sedentary. So they use the rebound exercise to rebuild people who went into small gravity microgravity spaces. Because they had aged, aged. I'm going to redefine that. So all of this is from my course that I do on fascia, kinetic therapy. So I'm showing you some of the slides for free and give you this jewel, but this is a cross comparison. Alright, so let's break down the science. Every time you jump on a trampoline. And you hit the top of your vertical movement. You reach a zero gravity point. Every lymphatic vessel. Every cell. The actin in my ass and all across your body. All decompress. They relax. As soon as you come down and you hit the trampoline. That G force is now making every one of those same lymphatic vessels, etc. Contract. And so you are getting a full cellular exercise. And not only that because of the elasticity of the trampoline. Your knees, your tendons, your ligaments, your hips. They don't have to feel the force of hitting the ground. They are cushioned. And so you can do this exercise for 10 minutes and it will equal an hour worth of exercise. As far as your body is concerned as it's moving fluid and carrying out all these activities that is doing. So we can even calculate the G force. At the top of the balance, you have zero G force. When you come down, you are between two to three G force. Depending on your weight and depending on how high you go. So this is me. I got this U-champoline. And I do this exercise all the time. Okay. It even improves immunity. So the lymph vessels have lymph nodes. And your immune system responds to the flow rate in those vessels. That in Terry people have weaker immune systems because their flow rate is low. And their lymph nodes are doing less reading of scanning of their lymph. All right. The flow is in the body. And so people will exercise increase immunity. The mild kings are releasing from the muscles, et cetera. Particularly the lymph is causing the antibody concentration and T cells and B cells in the so that it can handle the load of reading the fluid as it moves through the body. So this exercise, which is the number one lymphatic exercise on earth increases your immunity. It's also going to strengthen your bones. Here's the progression. The chemical load apply to the bone. The bones slightly deforms because it is elastic. Interstitial fluid flows through the chemical canalicula. Fluid bends the osteosite projections. Makano transduction signal is generated. So there's a graph of the osteosites. And here's the flow of the interstitial fluid. And so if you want to keep your bones healthy, which is also generating piezoelectric activity. An activity in the body, you need this exercise. It also provides joint protection for women who want to improve their reproductive health. For men in general, we all have a pelvic floor. This exercise improves the pelvic floor. And it does it through Makano Transduction. The upward movement takes us to G-force to zero. And what does that do to the act and the myocin and the cells? It relaxes them. This is a whole body massage. Okay, vestibular system, which needs vertical movement in order to be stimulated. Not just horizontal. The sacchio, which is holding the outer lifts, which are carbon crystals. All right? And the hair begins to sway when you have vertical movement. This is an exercise literally to the calcium, carbonate crystals in your ear that give you spatial orientation and since those signals to the brain. Here's your flow. Autocony or shift, hair cell deflection, vestibular nerve, fires. Brain stem process, the signal. And then we have postural correction of the body. Because all the joints now are having their contact with the trampoline at the same time. Your body is computing postural correction with this exercise. Here are the main elements that have to get sensory input into the brain. So here's a map of the vertical activation. Most of our exercise is horizontal to the plane there to earth. When we go against the plane there to earth, we have to hit a zero gravity point. But having a trampoline under your feet, you have something elastic that protects you. So here's a depiction of what goes on the vestibular system. You have A25, the autoconia, look at the difference. And so essentially you are exercising a part of your body that gives you balance. People get old, they start losing their balance. It's because their vestibular system starts to look like this. You want to keep it like this. Now let's deal with your gravity suit, which is your fascia, which is filling the tension and the release of the bouncing with each bounce throughout every part of your body. I'll call it the gravity stick organ. Right? Ten-secretty. There's different names that are being used in the studies. The point is this is a fascia exercise. And that is important because of what fascia really is to your health. It pumps the fluid through the fascia. Hyaluronic acid. All right? For hydration. A graph of what the tissues will look like. Being sedentary versus doing some rebound exercise. Last and most important part, it works every cell of the body. Let me prove it. Cytoskeleton. This is a descaffle in the cell. What happens to it? When you get this mechanical transduction. The mechanical force impacts the inner lining of the cell membrane. All right? Which is where you're acting in your myocinore. And look at the link complex. What does it do? It disfigures the cytoskeleton, which disfigures the nuclear envelope. That deformation generates repair signals. So I'm gonna sum this up because we're going to have all this in class, but you see the systems that are work. Go do some rebound exercise. Thought I would two minutes a day. Progress the five minutes. By the time you get to ten minutes your body will never feel the same. Peace.
