VIDEO_ID: cdR-IqqZifo
TITLE: AMA Health Class Level1 Physics & Chemistry Laws of Biology Real Body Building Concepts
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 6379.9s
TRANSCRIBED: 744.2s processing
============================================================

Greetings class. Welcome to our Amma Level 1 certification. We are about to go through all of the things that will allow for you to gather the information from the class and complete your homework for today. Some things that you will need to be familiar with is that this is a self-paced course. We will be here for the next five to six weeks before exams at 11am on Sundays. If there is a change to the time, you'll be notified in advance and that class will take place on whatever day we reschedule it to and the class will be recorded. I do specifically for this offering of the classes, recommend that you don't go beyond the homework that you have for the week. That is because we are updating the prior homework so the homework that you have for today is set specifically for this class. In my next week, the homework that is on aboriginaluniversity.com will be changed slightly to fit the data that we need for this class. This is my last time doing this particular level of life classes. And the reason being is I need it in more managerial positions and for the continuation of think tanks on a monthly basis. So we do have people who have done dissertations in the level three aspect of the curriculum and they are able to teach classes. We need more people to complete levels two, which is the diagnostic sciences and level three dissertations. So we can get more professors who can teach these types of classes. These types of classes need to be everywhere and they will be included in the new online curriculums as we develop the curriculums for the online schools for the children. And so take your time after you see this class only complete homework number one. Do not try to go faster because you could do that and you won't be penalized, which you're going to miss some things that only this particular set of classes. Provides as far as information there are things that I have never talked about and what it's all about today. Familiarity the links take you to aboriginal university, aboriginaluniversity.com the password is 216 carbon all lowercase letters and I'll take you there so you can be familiar if this is your first time being in the class. This is the website all of your homeworks under these links the homeworks are linked in your syllabus so you can just click those links in your syllabus. There will also be linked in the emails that go out prior to the classes for instance if we click this one it takes us to our level one homework class one. The homework is not graded even though you will get a score out of it. The score is coming from the calculation of correct answers for true false and multiple choice the short answers are not graded. So I don't think that you fail at homework or anything like that okay. The homework is submitted electronically so as soon as you complete it and you click down here submit it will come to us. You will see your results as well in your email all right and we will do this on a weekly basis until we are done. As the class goes on and you complete your exam successfully you will be required to sign a contract that contract is for you to perform as a certified dietitian and certified indigenous naturopath doctor of aboriginal university and aboriginal medical association. You will have to honor that contract and follow the guidelines and stipulations they require you to understand waiver of liability contracts interacting with clients they will require you to keep a client file book. Your client file book will be kept electronically and you can keep physical copies of that you will be required to report the interaction between you and clients to the main register which is on the aboriginal medical association website. I'll show you that. So you will go here this is the aboriginal medical association website all right and when you go under here you have what's called client contract and you will be filling out this form. To produce information because this our job to back you up you will also be creating this using whatever system you like we recommend Google forms and you can capture the data all right it can be stored in CSV files and other mediums to keep record. All right and so the idea behind the entire system of this class is to understand health in a different way and I don't know what types of study you had in a human body prior to this but this will be unique. In the way that we deliver the information the information is delivered to get to the point where you can interact with the client. Take diagnostics these already taken in medical institutions inside of the United States for America or from another I'm a CIND who has done a bioskin or from headquarters because of a DNA methylation test or something of that nature whatever type of diagnostic. And then bring the person back to health homeostasis the problem is removed and in order to do that we have to stay focused on the system and follow the system. Understand this system understand it in context to other things that people may bring to you as information and so the information we're going to share today is information directly from your textbooks. Let's go over that real briefly you got to reduce rate for the class is only 300 dollars this class is normally 1200 dollars or sometimes a thousand dollars because of that your textbooks are automatic downloads they are ebooks. If you want to order hard copies of the books you will need to go to the Aboriginal University store we can mail them out they get there two to three days regardless of where you are in the United States of America if you're in the Southeast they get there in one day. And let me share that with you you can go right to the AU store and you'll see all these books here the two books that. That are textbooks for the course are the on a textbook here and the advanced guy to healing that self we do give you this book as a ebook and we also give you this book but I don't recommend that you order. Hard copies of those books because you won't need them extensively for the course okay they will play a greater part in level four or if you're taking. the midwifery train specifically this book which we've done a edit to will be a part of level four course registrations after we've done this in the future. not be doing the health certification in separate levels because you are taking level one of course you'll be able to sign up for level two do level three level four but after this. if the person signs up they have to sign up for all four levels and take those four levels we will have some scholarships and other things to offer. in the future all right now let's go into our information if there's ever any issue that you have the fastest way to contact us is the. 24 hour text line the number is two six seven two five seven fifty four three putting it in the chat so that people can have that information. if you try to email and do other means try to inbox social media you're not going to get a fast response literally hundreds of people. inbox social media every day and I can't check all of those messages but we have multiple people checking the text line you will get a faster response. all right so let's start from the material that we have for class I'm going to go straight to your on my health book textbook and your advanced guy to healing that stuff and we're going to get our first basic. concept and this concept deals with something we call real bodybuilding let's go and I'm going to share this directly from the advanced guy to healing again I'm on page two. beginning of the advanced guy to healing yourself but this information is also in your textbook I'll go back and forth between both of them so that you can be familiar so share this. you'll see the information is here on the opening page two that deals with real bodybuilding all right and if I go to. the actual on my textbook this information is on page. get right 55 and back up sometimes these books just start doing everything. all right so yeah if you scroll down a page 55 in your textbook you will see this same information I just want you to get the locations down. all right so let's go down page 55 and you will see it all right so what does a real bodybuilding tell us it gives us this circle. right you have consciousness you have the sub atomic you have the atomic and molecular in the human body. and organisms animals and plants you have nucleotides genes amino acids and proteins and these make up larger things like cells tissues organs and systems. that's the human body and so let me come off of this and go back to the advanced guy to healing because the advanced guy to healing ask one simple question and it's a beautiful question. if we were to ask the top medical professionals on earth the primary cause of disease surely they would have a vast array of answers. toxins in the body lack of nutrients pathogens of all types viruses bacteria fungi yeast parasites. pyons, mutations, transcription factors etc in our indigenous health paradigm these are all things that are not the main cause of disease our real bodybuilding concept goes to the root. so let's look at this let's say I had diabetes. the standard given is by the National Institute of diabetes and digestive kidney disease as type one diabetes occurs when you are immune system body system for fighting infection attacks and destroys the insulin producing. beta cells of the pancreas scientists think type one diabetes is caused by genes and environmental factors such as. viruses that might trigger the disease studies such as trial net external link are working to pinpoint causes of type one diabetes and possible waste movement or slow disease. type two diabetes the most common form of diabetes is caused by several factors including lifestyle factors and. genes overweight obesity and physical leg in activity you're more likely to develop type two diabetes if you're not physically active and overweight or have. obesity. extra weight sometimes causes insulin resistance and is common in people who type two diabetes the location of body fat also makes a difference. extra belly fat is linked to insulin resistance type two diabetes and heart and blood vessel disease to see if your weight puts you at risk. for type two diabetes check out these body mass index chocks insulin resistance type two diabetes usually begins with insulin resistance condition in which muscle liver. in fact cells do not use insulin well as a result everybody needs more insulin to help glucose in cells at first the pancreas makes more insulin to keep up with the ad demand over time the pancreas can make enough insulin and the blood glucose levels rise. So we take the following chart and we go to the root with diabetes we have injury to anatomy pancreas and physiological processes metabolism of glucose we have issues with hormones enzyme circulation etc. when we go further into the more micro world this is what we find with all diseases system failure and organ failure. the cells of the organ have poor autocryne inside communication and paracryne communication between cells protein misfolding. our proteins are developed and stimulated through transcription factors and genes they make proteins and if they are folded wrong you have tissue malformation. the geometrism and this pigment caused by issues with nucleotides nucleotide mutation. as in crossing between AT and C.G. so AT and C.G. I suppose they go together when I do a DNA methylation test it will show me these mutations. AT always go together in C and G always go together once they cross on a nucleotide level we have a mutation. now what does it mean to mute something to alter a sound this mutation impacts how proteins are transcribed by RNA. now you didn't know that tissues were built based on sound you going to learn it. so this is why if you listen to certain music you get in a bad mood listen to certain music you get in a good mood the good mood is biochemistry the bad mood is biochemistry. this sound DNA mutation that leads to RNA transcription dysfunction. so DNA mutation is here. on the molecular level of DNA and RA issues cause specific issues with ionic mind and covalid body. covalid body is different from ionic mind and it gives you transfer of electrons. well what we call electrons covalid bonding whole things together where the electron shells are closed now and there's a unity between the nucleus of the things coming together. making them out molecular trees unstable. if there's an issue between these bonding almost like building the faulty skyscrapers collapse but what causes this. atom beta decay where the nucleus of the atom is in disarray and deteriorated. and now we are here in the quantum world we call the mind we call it the mind they don't call it the mind we call the mind. it is here when we propose the smallest particles of them all got particles etc. cannot be retained in structure and function which causes entropy. this is what weighted K is the inability of a physical system to be strong enough to contain a force or unity. structurally it can. we call these particles god particles because after a particle after what modern physicists are seeking after. these particles are 10 to the 78 power centimeters in size as modern physicists are only have only been able to find them at a certain range. we're telling you this for a reason right. but so what we got to is the cause of all disease is the mind how is that that's like subjective right. the mind is subjective let's stop there because this is the beginning of the confusion. in order for someone to heal in order for someone to heal. you need their permission they become they're coming to you. they don't want to stay as they are. and your process from that moment of permission is the thing that catalyzes inside of them is a belief. it's a seed whatever happens from that point is the transition to failure or success. the person could be bringing all types of preconceived notions. one of the things that you're going to have to establish is that the person came to you because they want to help. because they might say well doctor say we said well yaki said we're doctor probably price it. in my responses. you came to me. if you want help from yaki or doctor probably price or doctor say you're son or whoever else. you're welcome to go to them. but if you come to me. I have the answer we have the answer and all we need you to do is have confidence in that answer and proceed. that conversation is very important because it doesn't shut down them questioning. but what it does establish is we have a protocol and we're going to be focused and the word focused is important. you establish these things by the technical side, the contracts, the interactions and you establish it verbally. by politely saying we have protocols if you follow them we will be able to help you. and that is going to take out non coherent interactions. non coherent interactions are confused communications. there are people not agreeing but saying they're agreeing. somebody could be coming to you for all types of reasons other than what it appears to be. that's something that they're going to have to deal with but you have to stay composed and focused as a healer. you have to deliver a service based on a system of protocols. and so going back to the mind you need their agreement. you also need with their agreement and permission. you need the contract so that they can follow the protocols and you have to know the protocols. so when we go back to disease. let us understand this. you're looking at me right now. I have the same two eyes, skull hair, fingers, teeth, liver, heart, spine, nervous system as you. that's called design. where did this design come from? let's establish some rules. I am going to die. you are going to die. the plants around you they're around here. they die. the largest trees die. the fish. the animals. the squirrel. they all live and die. they are not individually permanent. they are not species permanent. the earth. the sun. everything has a life cycle. so they are a design of something. and this is the important part. that you're going to have to establish as a scientist. a student. a certified indigenous naturopath doctor. a dietician in this system. you have to establish what is real. and what is not real. and time means nothing. because the earth might live a long time. but it will die. but I'm going to teach you a lesson about that as we move on. into classes four and five. because the very earth that dies. in the very space that we see it in. will go back to where it came from. and it will come back. in the same way that it died. it will come back. and we can prove this. with the highest levels of science. the same way that mercury will come. into existence it will go out of existence. the same way that the sun comes. came into existence it will go out of existence. everything has a life and death cycle. except for one thing. there's only one thing that does not have a life and death cycle. and in our system we call it light. in our system light is not what you see from the sun. it's because you haven't been taught science. and this has everything to do with. producing cholesterol in the skin and making. a hormone that converts itself into something that's useful for your genes. you notice in the pathology they kept mentioning diabetes. associated to genes and genes and genes. what are genes? their sections of the oxyribonucle acid DNA. what is DNA? it is the memory from your mother and your father. and their mother and their father. and their mother and their father. DNA is material memory for an organism in a lineage. so they are saying oh it's in the genes. so it's very important what you do as a parent. because you pass memory on to your children in the form of genes. and you pass memory in the form. not of just genetics but epi genetics. epi genetics are the things that influence the genes from the outside of the nucleus. it could be a vitamin. it could be a methyl. it could be a pollutant. it could be a pesticide. it could be any of these things. but epi beyond the gene. but they influence the gene. genes can be turned on and off. where am I going with this? back to the point. if genes are memory. of an organism's lineage. and that lineage. has to reproduce itself. the individual's die. at some point the lineage did not even exist. and it's possible for to go out of existence. it's very possible. here is the point. light. you're looking at me right now. and the reason why you can see me is because of what. why can you see me. the reason why you can see me. is because I am reflecting. and radiating. if it's dark. completely dark. you can't see anything. because nothing's radiating. this light I have in here. has electricity. and magnetism. associated with conduction. and it goes to a bulb. and it radiates out. heat. you see me because of electricity. that's what I'm getting to. or what you call electrons. but in the world that we live in right now. they will tell you that there's a scene spectrum of light. pay attention. royalty. you learn this in school. red orange yellow blue. red orange yellow green blue in the go violet. this is the scene spectrum. and it is an unseen spectrum. so you can't detect it. what is the unseen spectrum. it's either moving too fast. or too slow. for you to perceive with your eyes. but you can't perceive something with your eyes. you see all types of colors and things. so in our system. light. is a black. in earth. reality. why is it black? because all frequencies. when you look at the spectrum of the electromagnetic spectrum. so called light spectrum. all frequencies go back to black. on both in the spectrum. if you go. from red to infrared. you go back into black. if you go from blue. indigo to violet. ultra violet radiation. you go into black. and if you ask the scientists. what that black stuff of is up in. when we look up into space. why is the backdrop. black. they're going to bring up all the theories dark energy dark matter. they're going to. right. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. in physics. there are some principles that we need to understand when it comes to disease. if everything. that we touch. and see. all 12 systems in our body. everything that we touch. and we see. as electricity associated with it. we eat from the earth we breathe. everything. we we're animated beings. our bones, our muscles. then we need to ask. one question. where does. does this design come from? It doesn't come from nowhere. And this is what we're about to get into. Because once you understand where the design comes from, you know how to work with it. And once you learn how to work with it, you're not guessing. You have to give respect to the origin of something in order to work with it well. And this is what is not happening. We're looking outwardly scientifically objectively. That's what they call, oh you can't be subjective in science. You have to be objective means you have to observe. And you set up rules in scientific method. Fine. But now we do have to use this subjective mind. Because this subjective mind, which is you, the individual, using your what? Senses, sight, smell, taste, touch, ability to experiment. You're using those things to come to a conclusion about why somebody has diabetes. And if they have genes, memory, in their past, that's contributed. If they have stress and they're not physically exercising, they don't understand the design. They don't understand that the body is designed to move. If they're taken on obesity, they don't understand the importance of delivering how it works. You don't understand the design. And so a part of everything that we're dealing with is ignorance and a violation of natural law. The ignorance, push into the position where you don't know what to do. And a violation comes by default because you're not respecting the design. If a stove is hot and you touch it and you learn that you can burn your hand. If you keep doing that, you're going to injure your hand over and over again. Your hand might become dysfunctional. You might not be able to use it. So if you know eating a lot, who gets you fat, if you're not exercising and you're eating foods that buy objective reality, then it's taking away energy. Why would you keep doing it? It's because you don't respect natural law and you have fallen in love with ignorance. That's the mind. That's the decision. It starts subjectively. So by the time you get to die, be these and all these other diseases, it is the ignorance and the violation of design or natural law that is leading people to these circumstances. And they have to know that. Because now we have to learn how to protect, do the protocols that you're giving them. They have to get the information and then they get the result because they're respecting the design. The thing you have to know is how to get to that particular point. In walks nature, what is nature? Nature is the elements. You put up the periodic table, you go from hydrogen and you go all the way to 100 different mineral elements. That make up everything that's here. Everything in here, these posters, the walls, me, are made up these elements. They're called atoms. So let's take a look at it. Because now I'm going to share a video with you and I need you to understand what an atom really is versus what you believe. But before I do that, I'm going to go back to your book. Because now we're going to build ourselves up to understanding how to heal people but not through guesswork. We're going to do it through science. Excuse me. In 2012, I put this video up. This is the model that people are still learning about an atom that you have a nucleus which is a proton neutron and the thing that's circling around it. This is not how atoms operate at all. So I put this here and people thought I was crazy when I was doing this like what are you talking about? This is 2012. The atom was a polarized vortex that concentrates and curves the light field. And that curvature of light makes matter. So people thought I was crazy when I put this out and you can read here. Adam, the basic and fundamental unit of Aboriginal physics, which is naturally composed of a polarized energy of positive and negative spin, which are called electrons and protons. Go back to our point. The only thing real is light. So what does light do? Light creates a dual nature, a dual fluctuation. It is called a perturbation. In in life, we call it the masculine and effeminate. In the atomic world, we call it the proton which is positive and the neutron which is negative. It's poles. Everything in nature has a pole. It's how we know the earth is not flat. Everything has a pole. I'm about to prove it. Adam's have a pole, planets have a pole, you have a pole, north and south pole. Everything has an equator and this fluctuation is what you call a perturbation. So the light field perturbates. What does the light field perturbating mean? I swear to you, I'm not going to confuse you. It is the thinking of the creator. And this thinking is what leads to the production of what you're calling materials. And the first material that crystallizes from gases is carbon. This is why the carbon is the basis of chemistry and biochemistry. It is that first element that's going to take you into the ability to establish higher intelligences. And it is a direct communicator with this black light field. This is why carbon is black. It's a direct mirror of the thinking of the creator in order to bring things into existence. Temporal things. Here's the secret, though. Human beings are the only organism who understands this consciously. No one else can reach no other organism on this or or can reach that level to understand exactly where they come from or is interested in where they come from. Plants don't do it animals don't do it. Nothing does it, but humans. This tells you who you are. This is why you have a high level of responsibility. Being the supreme being has nothing to do with your religion. It is a scientific responsibility based on observation of objective reality and subject of reality. You are now in a position to understand cause and effect and to deal with causes properly, maturely. And this is what healing is about. Healing is about, not about projection. Oh yeah, it must fear all of the chemtrails. Oh everything is against us. Oh no. This is about understanding what makes you up your design and not disconnecting from it by thinking that it's not intelligent because everybody here is made of atoms. Everybody here is made of the law of polarity. Everybody here is made of electrons and protons. Everybody is here as a result of a man and a woman. Everybody is stuck in natural law and when you start to violate it because you are ignorant and or rebellious you must pay a price. And the price is you speed up what's going to come naturally anyway dead and you have to deal with the repercussions of how you died because now you can pass that information on genes to other people. So since we are the artist that are self-created beings through lineage we have to respect the fact that light polarised in the beginning into a masculine and feminine entity and light is directly related to that masculine and feminine proton, electron, poles, earth, man, woman, light is the medium for creating polarity which is sex. Just like you are born through sex. Consciousness is born through sex. Consciousness is born through the masculine and the feminine. This is simple right now but we're about to get somewhere. So follow me. So what happens when you violate sex between man and woman, you violate all of your atoms, all of your subatomic particles and you show no respect for the artists in the creator which is you. Your behavior as a human is a testament to how much you respect the creator. Your disease state is a reflection of your disassociation from your creator. Your carbon that you inherit is a sign or not a sign, a communication of what your people have been doing. And so biodiversity in this course which we are learning, this is still the introduction. Biodeversity is the evidence of whole followed natural law and who did. So when you see pink, pale people, you know they have a history and gene memory of violating natural law and the creator. And being irresponsible organisms, that's in their past, that's in your visible, visible ability to see them. That communication made them pink with fur for you to be aware of what they have been doing and what their proclivity is now. And here you are with left over carbon, that's in a week or state that it used to be but still you have it, you inherited it. And so now we have to talk about that because it is the basis of biochemistry and organic chemistry and everything in the universe with covalent bonding. Carbon is here as a result of God deciding the creator deciding, the intelligence design deciding that it wants to make something artful and it needs a communication network to do so, to engineer it. Just white carbon is that everything that's living and everything is living, including the rocks. That's how you got bones by the way. It doesn't mean you should, you can't dig in the earth, it just means you have to understand everything has a purpose and a design. Respect it. The stones are there for you to build. You just have to respect it. Why do you have to respect it? You respect it because it's all a part of the design. To disrespect the design is to begin to have a disease, mind and therefore it follows itself through matter. So science disconnection from God that makes it secular. Disconnection from a creator and a designer. It can only harm you if it continues down that path. We don't need Wi-Fi but we do need communication networks and there are better ones that can be built. And so where are we going with this conversation in the introduction? We're going to the point that you have to study creation because a false memory is a defect in the ability to interpret the light feel and creation. So if you believe that atoms look like this just by downloading that information you are now disrespecting every atom in creation. That's like me saying my name is Ali and you keep calling me another name. That's like I say I identify as indigenous, a man or woman of the earth, I mean my family and you keep calling me a foreign. It's disrespect. How am I going to respond to disrespect? How do atoms respond to disrespect? Since you can respond to disrespect and you're made about it but atoms can't respond to disrespect in your mind. disrespect then atoms is non coherent exchange of communication. Non coherent exchange of communication is confusion. It's guess-of-work. It's tactical manipulation that has no functional purpose to it. And so let's jump into this homework science so we can get it but in order to do that I'm going to have to show you a video. All right so let me find this video real quick. All right let me find this video. I should have pulled this up earlier because I had it tagged in one of my videos. Let me find it on my phone. I meant to tag it. One second. One second. One second. One second. Here we go. I thought that we'll bring it up. Oh man if I have to skip this video then that's fine. I might have took this down. Oh here you go. I think it is to sit right here. All right. All right so yeah this is the video. All right so this video is 14 minutes but we have to watch this and these classes are going to be a little bit longer and that's okay. I just want you to get this this is down and the reason why you want to get this this is down is because you're going to understand what stress is at another level. You're going to understand how people get defeated by their own thoughts as we explain this and you're going to understand why people heal and why they don't heal based on the concepts that are gathered from this discussion because go back to our point. Light is the only thing that's permanent. Everything else is real but it's created. It has a life and a death cycle just like you and me. It's going to be in relief. If we want to improve the quality of our life we have to follow these laws and this goes all the way down to if you're going to help with a liver problem. While liver flesh doesn't work there's no such thing as a liver flush. How do you flush it liver? You know I mean packages are online right now with liver flushes. I mean things you buy with liver flushes we have a product liver max. It's not a liver flush. It is studying design to help design get back to doing what is supposed to be doing. You can injure the body with a liver flush. People tell you to take all kinds of other things. But if you know how the liver is designed, how it functions, then you say well what is it missing? If it's missing a substance in acetyl system, new tathione, whatever else is missing, we give the body the substance one. We figure out if the body makes the substance on his own, too. And if it makes his own, what is blocking it from making it on his own? We implement the behavior, we implement the substance we get the result. Natural law, no ignorance. Ignorance makes you by a liver flush. Ignorance will make you think sea moss has 92 minerals and you take it when you get your minerals. Ignorance. So many people said it's the mind. The mind is the quantum world. Let's watch this video. And it's technical points, but the points that I want to make are the ones that you're going to get. Or a seeming miracle, sometimes attributed to the unseen hand of a divine being. Then Greek and other ancient civilizations began to explore rationality and logic to explain how the universe works. A paradigm shift came through the likes of Galileo and Newton and the introduction of classical mechanics. The universe was then viewed as a kind of cosmic clock ticking with mathematical precision. We're almost every movement in phenomena could be explained and predicted through observations and equations. In the early 20th century, this view of a mechanical deterministic and predictable universe was shattered with the advent of relativity and quantum mechanics. Time was no longer set in stone and the precise location of particles was no longer measurable. Einstein, Planck, Bohr and Schrodinger, led this new paradigm shift. This might seem like the end of the story, but there has been one additional more recent paradigm shifting development and physics that perhaps did not receive as much fanfare, but it is undoubtedly equally profound. And that is how quantum mechanics was supplemented and made more complete by quantum field theory or QFT. It is the basis of the best theory we have in physics today to explain nearly everything called the standard model of particle physics. What is quantum field theory? Why is it necessary? How is it different than quantum mechanics? That's coming up. Right now, classical mechanics has been and continues to be used to explain many phenomena that we can observe. Consider a planet orbiting a star. We can use Newton's laws to modulate fairly accurately. If the planet were to somehow lose its kinetic energy to slow down, it would spiral into the star and collide. Now consider something conceptually similar, an electron orbiting the proton of a hydrogen atom. In this case, we could again try to use Newton's laws to modulate. Instead of the attractive force of gravity for the star and planet, the two objects electrical charges keep it bound together. This is where classical mechanics fails because as we know from Maxwell's laws, an accelerating charge creates electromagnetic radiation and the constantly changing direction of the electron creates an acceleration. This means the electron would constantly give a photon losing energy in the process. It would thus spiral towards the nucleus and collide. But we know that no such thing actually happens in reality. Adons are stable. Electron does not crash into the nucleus. Why? Because we were using the wrong tool to describe the model of an atom. Classical mechanics. We have to use a Newton quantum mechanics. Meals more proposed that the electron maintains a stable orbit because its energy is quantized. It can only be in an orbit that is an integer multiple of a minimal quanta. And its lowest energy state is the lowest orbit that the electron can have. It cannot be lower. This minimal quanta, by the way, is proportional to the electrons constant. In Newtonian physics, we think of objects as discrete particles having very specific and measurable properties such as a mass x, momentum y, and position z. In quantum mechanics, our objects are wave functions described by some completely different mathematics. This is shown by the Schrodinger equation, which is perhaps the most important equation in quantum mechanics. Here, the location of a particle is unknown until the moment of measurement. All right. So, the location is unknown until it's measured. Keep that in mind. And that know where it is beforehand. We can only know the probability of finding it at any specific location. Prior to measurement, the wave function depicts a kind of smearing out of its location. Thus, in the quantum mechanical model of the hydrogen atom, the electron is not spinning around the nucleus, like a planet around the star. It's in some unknown location, at some unknown distance from the nucleus. All we know is that the chance of finding the electron at any specific location, or distance from the nucleus, has a probability associated with it. And we can't determine the location in advance of measuring it. So, the better model of the atom is like a cloud around a fuzzy nucleus. The white cloud represents the probability cloud of the location of the electron. Note that the nucleus too would be fuzzy as well, since it is also a quantum object, but its cloud would be more localized than the electrons. Now, you might think this is a great model. We know everything now. We can stop here. But we can't, because quantum mechanics has some problems too. There are some things it cannot explain. And we get the wrong results. Just like when we try to explain the electrons orbit with the classical formulation, first of all, quantum mechanics is not relativistic. That is, it will give you wrong results if the quantum object is moving close to the speed of light. Shroading this equation simply doesn't obey Einstein's theory of special relativity. The practical result of this is that it doesn't incorporate a speed limit. The speed of light pay attention to this. There are people right now online that will quote Einstein and Einstein was absolutely wrong. He was corrected a hundred years ago. Shroading him took out the speed of light and dealt with a higher mathematics. And the world is still stuck on Einstein when in the Nobel Peace Prize for special relativity and all this other. You see, our ignorance can be handed down through mass mob psychology. I'm going to let this keep going because it's going to get deeper. It is to make causality work. For example, it allows for two measurements to influence each other faster than light. Say again, it took out the speed of light and things now can affect one another and now we call the quantum entanglement. You see, the curricunums are controlled. I am speaking to you right now. If you are upstairs on a computer versus being in Africa, how is this information getting to you? Here is the truth. The information is everywhere and when we bring this back to the human body, we start to understand healing at another level. The healing begins through the confidence and belief that you can heal and it affects the biology. It is the trigger and this is the most important part. By the time you get to adding things to your body, your body is already receptive and it knows you are putting the thing in your body to carry out a mechanical function that has already been decided in the light field. I'm going to say that one more time. By the time you put a mechanistic thing in your body, the light field has already have to make the decision that that is being used, guided and directed to solve a problem. I'm going to let it keep going. This would mean that there would be some reference frame in which the future could influence the past. Breaking again, there's a reference frame with the future could influence the past. Let me explain what that means in terms of healing. You can have a body with diabetes now. You are already in the future decided that you are healed. You made the right decision. That's the future you talking to the, the you, now that's in the, in the present. This is the key to healing. The key to healing is recognizing that I'm taking accountability for not accepting the fact that I was ignorant and that I violated natural law. I am restoring natural law and removing ignorance. I am healed. You're talking through and entity that is not subject to time or space in the cosmology class. We're about to go through. Y'all are going to learn the same thing. Let's keep going. Because, Ali. A second problem with quantum mechanics is that it only tells you how a particle evolves over time. That is, how it goes about its business. It does not tell you how it is created or annihilated. So it can't account for things like beta decay due to the weak nuclear force. We're in new transforms into a proton and electron and an entity neutrino. In this case quantum mechanics breaks down because it doesn't work if we change the number of particles. In the case of the beta decay, I just described the down quark of a neutron decays into an up quark, changing the neutron to a proton. At at the same time, it meets an electron and an entity neutrino with a mediating W boson. This change to other particles can't be described by quantum mechanics. This is where quantum field theory explains things that quantum mechanics cannot explain on its own. So what is quantum field theory? Well, it's a mathematical framework that combines classical field theory. A classical field would be like a magnetic field as described by James Clark Maxwell, special relativity, and quantum mechanics. There is a field for every particle of the standard model. So in our beta decay example, there would be a field for the down quark, the W boson, the up quark, the electron, and the entity neutrino. All these fields extend out in all of spacetime. In other words, the fields are always there and exist everywhere, including inside your body. Now although they exist everywhere and you can't see them, they are not nothing. They're teeming with virtual particles. These are particle and particle pairs that get created and destroyed. So for example, the down quark field will always have some spontaneous creation down quarks and an entity down quarks, which get created and annihilated almost instantly. They come in and out of existence constantly. These virtual particles can't be measured, but nature allows the creation of these virtual particles by letting them borrow energy from the vacuum. As long as that energy is put right back into the vacuum. This happens so quickly that it's as if nature doesn't register them. This is what you call a perturbation. This is the thinking of the creator that they're having right here. This is happening to you all the time. Let's keep going. As real measurable particles, we can visualize these fields as a kind of ocean. Just like the ocean wave has some turbulence, the fields always have a kind of turbulence even in their ground state of minimal energy. This turbulence is due to the virtual particle creation and annihilation. I just described. In these turbulent seeds, if there's enough energy, a large wave can be created which can be measured. These are the real particles. So in the up quark field, for example, an up quark will be created if there's energy of 2.3 mega electron volts or MV, which is the mass of one up quark. Two quarks will be created if there's energy of 4.6 MV. So particle is nothing more than an excitation in this field. These excitations are quantized, not continuous. So the fields can only create particles in integer increments. They cannot, for example, have one and a half up quarks. Only two quarks or three quarks etc. Now energy can be transferred between two fields via a mediating boson field. This is considered an interaction or a force. Matter particles can't interact on their own without a mediating boson. So while in quantum mechanics there's no way for the neutron to split its energy into three different particles, a proton, electron, and an anti-natrenal, in quantum field theory, this can be done via energy exchange between the fields. You start with the fields of all the different particles, which are always there, and you finish with the fields of the same particles. Some of them just have more or less energy after the exchanges of energies depending on the interaction. So in our beta decay, for example, you start with the down quark field. This field transfers its energy to the up quark field and the W boson field. The W boson field then transfers its energy almost immediately to the electron field and the anti-natrenal field. So we started with one particle and the down quark field and we ended up with three particles simply by the field's exchanging energy. Note that although the number of particles changed, the total energy is always conserved. If you add up all the masses and kinetic energy at the beginning, they will add up to all the masses and kinetic energy at the end. In other words, the energy of the fields is the same before and after the energy is changed. So by having quantum fields, we can mathematically account for a model creation and annihilation of particles, as well as the mechanism of force exchange. And the icing on the cake is that the theory is fully relativistic, meaning it's free of causality violations. But even this modification of quantum mechanics is not perfect. For example, it's still missing gravity. We do not have a quantum field theory for gravity. If we did, it would mean that we could model a field for the theoretical gravity on particles and gravity would be mediated between matter particles by the exchange of this gravity on boson. So even QFT, which is extremely accurate for the forces and particles we do know about in the standard model remains as yet incomplete. The fact that we don't have this tells us something. It reminds me of the saying that when you have a hammer, as your tool, everything looks like a nail, our tool is QFT. So far, everything we know has been a nail. So either gravity is not a nail or maybe we just don't really know how to use the hammer. But still, in my view, QFT is probably the most beautiful theory in science, and here's why. Because it tells us that the universe and everything in it, including us, and all living things, the whole planet, every star, every galaxy, and even things outside the visible universe are all connected. Everything, even our thoughts, dreams, and ideas are composed of all right. So let me stop this sharing. He's done enough. He's done enough. Basically what he said is you're creating everything with your mind, your problems, your solutions, everything. And so now let us continue. Because we saw the problem of gravity, the problem of gravity is all weird. Carbon. So now we know that light is an inert black force field that perturbates into electricity. We know that matter is light after a polarized intemotion as electricity and magnetism. The periodic table is all the representation of different forms of what light, not hydrogen, like Dr. Gabriel O'Evo said, of light. And what is what is matter then? Matter is light in motion. This is why we can see it. It has to move. So when we go through the elements, we're looking at different stages of motion, register motion. I play that video for a reason. Because the motion is a dance of particles. This is how your body works. This is why we know it's 12 systems and they all work together. And if we start violating the dance and get off beat, we get mutations. So we need to put this in a language. Our ancestors put things in languages. So we can understand the patterns. Protons are masculine and they contract. That's why men love to be isolated and focused on plants. Electrons are feminine and they radiate. This is why women love attention. All light is polar. This is why we have a man and a woman. Why do you want to be trans? You want to be trans because you're ignorant and you're violating natural law. And you have memory that's being handed down from you who people who violated natural law. This is why we can go to the pale races and find the practicing homosexuality in their cultural dynamic. And then we have in hours that we have laws against that stuff. Our carbon was speaking to us and saying, you're violating the artistry of your design. That carbon is also building up molecules. This is why it's the basis of organic chemistry and biochemistry. Molecules are units composed of multiple atoms. If you want to do that, you have to have covalent bonding. What is the most potent covalent bonding mineral element in creation? Carbon. This is why it's black. It attenuates some radiates in perfect balance. Continuates is masculine. Radiate is feminine. It's a perfect mirror of light. It's radiating electron field is neutral. This is why you have a shell, right? The electron shell has 8. The first shell is 2. All the other shells after the first shell are 8. This is how you get the mineral elements. So let's show you a picture of that real quick so you don't forget. We're going to get to some real good stuff here. We got to get to these basic things. Look at this. Here you go. 6. 6 means what? 6 protons. 6 electrons. 2 electrons on the first electron orbit. 4 in the second one. Now they just told you that there's not electron circling the field. So what is this actually represent? It represents contraction and radiation being in perfect balance. Carbon 12. The second shell is that 4. 4 is the midline. It's stability. This is why it's radiating blackness. Anything that is on the equator or the midline is radiating blackness. This is why silicon is used in what artificial intelligence. It has the same state that carbon has. But we're focusing here on carbon as the most potent mineral. So you're going to learn this whole table a different way. You're going to learn how this is synced to sound. You're going to learn how this is synced to building molecules up. Carbohydrates, lipids, proteins, DNA, and what causes mutations. We already know that carbon 14 beta decay is in nitrogen. Nitrogen is not stable. This is why it causes so many problems in biology. This is why the people who are pale have more nitrogen and we have more carbon. Our original bodies had zero nitrogen, which would equal zero mutation functionalities. That is a state of mind and matter. So this builds ourselves. We build ourselves up from this design into all these complex things. But we have divorced ourselves from the responsibility of knowing we are creators. And so we have trillions of ourselves, which are the fundamental units of biology. But we are misusing them. We're a lot of things into our sphere epigenetically. People circumstances and things that would violate this law of balance. Why would you in your relationship which is masculine and feminine, closed off, life form, invite a third party in whose unmarried to give you advice about a unit that's polarized. They're not even a polarized unit in a polarized unit or a state. Why would that give you any of us? Think about how simple these things are. And so what happens is we start to decay. We start to decay. We decaying because excessively because we're stressed. And when we're stressed, we're not in rhythm. We're not breathing right. We're not doing these things that we know it's supposed to do. We have a whole thing inside of your profile when you start to deal with clients where three times a day they're supposed to do relaxed breathing. Why are they doing that at sunrise, noon and sunset? Why are they thinking they put the sun? What's the purpose of the relaxation? It's to give you oxygen. Oxygen is driving your ATP process. How you use energy is driving your GTP process. Guiders in triphosphate. One deals with glucose and the use of energy. The other deals with protein synthesis, GTP. You get now oxygen in your body so your body ain't firm it down. This is what happens in foods when they break down homo-lactic fermentation takes place as a result of missing oxygen. And so what is the point? The point is very simple. The point is we have to learn natural law before we start talking about the liver, the stomach, the heart, the brain, the spinal cord, the nervous system, the muscles, all of these things without understanding natural law and how to get information. We are going to be stuck at effects, effects, effects and not causation. How are you taking information from people who are not addressing the fact that you have a substance in you that is photosynthetic. Melonet is in your brain. It's in your skin. It's in your nutrition. If you're eating right, food pigments, blueberries, cardinoid pigments, dulse. If we're not addressing the photosynthetic nature of this, we're not showing that the sun is nutrition. So why aren't you outside in the sun? Because you have to put on sunscreen consciously you just disconnected yourself from natural law. You have to pay a price for that. The ignorance is what's in the sunscreen. How is it going to affect my skin? Which is the way into my body. It's the first layer of protection. And I'm putting toxic substances on my skin. I don't see the sun as nutrition, which is why I don't go outside and lay in it for at least 30 minutes. Meanwhile, it makes a hormone that's misnamed as a vitamin, vitamin D3 that controls 10% of your genome. By developing vitamin D response element interactions where it can go through the genome and say, here's a mutation. Let me fix that. The sun, by you laying out in the sun, the sun starts a catalyst of activity in order to vet the memory in your body. The sun has that ability. And what are those 2,000 genes controlling in your body? There's no way you're going to memorize a quadruian function. You have over 30 trillion cells each doing thousands and thousands and thousands of things. That's in the quadruians and functions. Each one of your atoms, you have quadruians of atoms. Each one of them are doing functions. You tell me, you're going to memorize all of that. That stresses you out. This world makes you memorize things without understanding the laws. This is about understanding the laws. This is about you commanding your body to do something based on natural law. Go lay out in that sun and if you have a problem, psychological, mental, physical, disease state, go tell your body from the you that is timeless. You are now here. I am sitting and basking in the environment that made me, that designed me. Didn't the guys just said, oh quantum mechanics, which is dealing with the material world, does not tell you how the particles are created. Then he showed you the light field, an intermediate boson, a proton, interacting with things in order to produce electrons and other particles. This is why your liver can make almost everything in your body and it's the only organ that if you slice a piece of it off, it will grow back. Then you're instantly in a very short time. It's the same organ when you're a fat that says, hey look, I can't work when you're fat. But what is fat? That is being out of your nature. You're eating too much. You're depressing your stress. You're violating natural law. Not because you're stressed because of your response to it. Your response is you're going to soak in it and make excuses for yourself. Meanwhile, the liver is there saying, look, I can help you out. Help me out. And so as we move through this course, the first law is you are the creator. That's the subjective stuff that science does not want you to take on, but you just had a scientist to tell you that they are quantum fields that permeate throughout your whole body and they determine on the material realm, how things pan out in all parts of creation and in all parts of creation are connected. Let me break this last part down so you can get this and this is just for your homework to show you that don't fall in love with the illusion, fall in love with the creator and the artistry. The illusion is only an illusion when you give causation to something that isn't a fact. If you give causation to something that's an effect, you become deluded. Go tell me how the sun, whether you believe in flat earth, or whether you believe in spherical earth, it doesn't matter. Same principle. If you go up in the end sky, the first thing you're going to realize is it's cold. You can climb them out and you can go on an airplane, it doesn't matter. You can go on a parachute. It gets colder when you go up. By the time you get to what you're calling space, it's cold. Whether you're on flat earth or spherical earth. I know that there's no such thing as flat earth, but it's okay. I'm canceling out any possibility for you to delude yourself. If space is cold, how is the heat from the sun transferred into cold cold back into heat? Scientists will say, oh, there's no atmosphere. You're not answering my question. You're not answering my question. Of course there's no atmosphere. How is it traveling, buddy? That goes to show you heat is just a signal. Radiation from the sun is just a signal. What did he say? Distance did not matter. Information can is everywhere. The sun is sending the earth's a text message. It shows you what is real and what is not. The sun is reproducing itself on the earth. There's not something traveling at 186,000 miles per second. With that being said, the world is not what you believe it to be. It is what it is by its designer. Creation is what it is by its designer. This is our design. We have to treat it like our design and not like where the created effect of it. We are all the created effect of it. No, we're the creator that created this experience for ourselves. So now let's bring this down from the high level down to the basics. And the basics are this. You are DNA. You are genes, which are segments of DNA. You are epigenetics. And so all of this has importance. Because you are the memory of your mother and your father and your mother and father and your mother and father, father and father, father, father, father, father, father. And so when you're RNA transcribed, something from DNA, hey, that's why you look like your mother and your father. That's why you behave like them. You think you just inherited the looks and not the behaviors and the feelings and the emotions and the epigenetics and the birth control she used and the alcohol, he drunk and you're not all of those things too. Guess what? Let's be smart about it. You can change and alter which her parents handed down to you through your current behavior. And so healing starts there. That's the most important thing that we can share with you. Healing starts there. That's where healing starts. Your shame, your guilt, your fear, all of those are self-decided states that you decide to come in and you're going to get the effect of those states. You are your own judgment. There are no God's demons, goblins, devils, ancestors and all of the spooky shit that people believe. No one gave you cancer, no one know. You can get it from your environment by being ignorant and not unprepared and violating natural law. This goes to show you, you also have a responsibility to humanity. You want to sit back and be an individual and enjoy the bliss of creation while people are out here sending out came trails. The state of Tennessee and South Carolina got their legislation to shut down came trails because people got involved in politics. You don't want to get involved in politics. You just want to take health courses. But a part of health is getting involved in politics to stop the damn kim trips. You don't feel accountable, but you are and you're getting the native aspects of denying your accountability. So what does it really mean to be healthy to be cute on Instagram and Facebook and share your little videos and be ha ha ha. I can do 50 push-ups? No, that's not. Hell, that's us having fun. That's the part of health. A part of health is making sure Robert Kennedy gets an office so he can shut down vaccines. That's the part of health. That's the part of an intelligent political decision, which you voted for kimala and you didn't want Robert F. Kennedy to get an office because you don't care about that because you're too ignorant, too care about. Think about how stupidity is causing the the after effect of stupidity and people not feeling responsible. The reason why you don't feel responsible is because you don't have a lot of courage to see yourself in the proper light. You see yourself as insignificant, but you're significant. So by nature, you're significant and you see yourself as insignificant, you're going to get the results and the effects of your doubt and lack of responsibility on your own significance. See how this goes? So now that people are getting allergic reactions to kim trails, it's our fault. It's your fault. What did you do? Who did you vote for? I'm an adult going to involve in it. Well, the so-for ions are dropping in your yard. What is your problem solving? If we develop anti-paracitic gardens, we can get the plants to secret the isopronoids to protect our environments. Stop feeling insignificant. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. When you start getting with your clients, you have to have already built up the mindset, the proper mindset, to communicate with them, to raise them to the level that they can heal. You cannot do that by being ignorant. All the science you learned today is just it's branches. The root is how is this operating? Real body building, consciousness, leads to how subatomic, the subatomic world works, then the atomic, then the molecular, then the nucleotides, the genes, then the cells, organs, and the tissues. Yes, they have a design, but they need you to be thinking right. They need you to be studying. They need you to be studying the right information. The body is already pre-programmed to be healthy. What did your parents do to violate? You never talked to your parents about what they ate, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, why, you were being just stated and they're right there. My, what did you eat? What were your cravings? No communication. This is insignificant. Yeah, it's what shaped you. This is a, a cultural dysfunction in communication. But at the time, we get to sail a different differentiation in the next class and all of the other things. That's great, but that's regurgitated information that does not explain causation. I've got to explain causation. I'm done. I'm over my time for my next class. I do want to get off, so I can get into my next class. Do your homework. But this class was about changing your mind. The problem is your mind. In your mind is not in your brain. I'm holding my head because this is the trans of this, it receives things. Let's call it the state. Let's say that. It has a cytoskeleton network in the cells to receive things. So correct your thoughts, the ocean confidence, study the material and say in this class and the prior classes because you have free recorded videos. Finish your homework. You're also to do a testing of foods. You want to test the homoelectric fermentation. So you want to take things that that you eat on a daily basis. Not eat about 70% raw foods, fruits and vegetables, about 30% cooked foods, the vegetables that need to be cooked, and some healthy meats. People try to figure us out. If you eat raw foods, why not go 100% raw? Because we deal with food science. Not your trend. Well, I'm on a carnivore diet. I eat way more protein. Sure you do. That's why you're not going to maintain health. Life is about experiment, learning, natural logs, defeating ignorance. Having a good time while you do it and maintaining the posture of natural law. So I haven't eaten today. When I eat, the first thing I'm eating, I'm not going to be a bison steak. I'm going to have some cut-up watermelon. Do you know how me a large salad? Some day, that's all I need. Then another day, I might add some, some big salmon. And I cook it at the right temperature. You're going to learn that in the think tanks. But if you follow what I'm saying, it is, uh, it's to be tested. I have no health problems. Somebody ask me, well, why do you be wearing glasses? This eye right here, I had a completely, I lost all sight in this eye. I brought the eye back to 2020 vision. I wear these glasses, because I'm talking in front of the screen. These are blue light glasses, like a block out this radiation that I'm getting from this device. Because it makes my eye sensitive. I use African tool look and I break to bring the eye back amongst other things. I was completely blind in this eye from boxing. causation, you gamble, you could lose. And so all I'm saying to my people is study, gently, and get yourself in a position to understand the things that you need to understand. All right. We out. Love y'all. Watch the private videos. You do have to test the foods. I mentioned the foods so you can test some milk. Let's see how it firms. What's happening? All those bacteria, those pathogenic things in there that are breaking down that milk you're putting inside of your body. It doesn't belong there. What are you doing with the microbiome of a cow inserting it into a human? Why would you do that? Why would you eat meat raw? Why would you do that? You said, well, you're going to have a high glycation. We cover the glycation. Trust me. We are working and building properly. So thank you for your time today. This video is recorded. You will be able to use it to finish your homework and the prior videos. You will be able to do your labs. All you need is some Mason jars for a couple of dollars from a dollar store. Put different foods in there. Let us fish, king, wild, whatever. Watch it for 72 hours. See how it permits and then you're going to understand homoelectric fermentation, which is a part of your homework assignment. Foods do decay. They should not be fermented. This is why you have oxygen in an ATP cycle. This is why you asked a question about ATP in your homework. This is why you asked a question about homoelectric fermentation. You don't want your foods fermenting inside of your digestive tract. There is an aerobic fermentation not a homoelectric fermentation when you produce an electric acid. It's two different things. You want to keep the oxygen quality up in your foods. When you look at leaves, you don't see the leaves fermenting. You see them turning brown, oxidizing, dying off. Apopholes from the tree. It turns brown. The oxidizes. You don't see a bunch of fermentation there. Really simple. So do your testing. Look at your prior videos. Take your time with this course. And next we will be here at the same time. See you on cosmology class in a few minutes. Peace.
