VIDEO_ID: ECNNMtqgGGg
TITLE: How to Actually Get Reparations for REAL
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 600.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 82.7s processing
============================================================

All right, let's talk about it, let's talk about it responsibly, let's talk about it practically. Let's talk about it in the sense of law, international law, domestic law, et cetera. There's lots of conversation going around that is misjudication. About the dreads, Scott Case, about birthright citizenship, about whether or not somebody's a cultural voter, people want to go viral, talking about our history, let me put this into perspective for you. Self-identification is the first rule of law when it comes to identity. You're making this way too difficult. If you want to deal with how to get reparations, I'm going to tell you because the first thing that you need is jurisdiction. Juristiction solves the first part of reparations because you repair yourself through jurisdiction. You're going to talk about how. Then I'm going to talk about how you can negate the online bickering about who's a culture voter, who's a pretendying, all of that means anything. This right here is how you solve the problem after you form jurisdiction. Follow me. And so I made a graph because I'm a part of a tribal government. I've been a part of a tribal government. You actually have to be a part of a governing body, a body politic to get the type of reparations, restitution, reclamation that people are talking about. And the first stage is what you do for yourself. This is the key. We're going to be talking about history, genetic, identity, et cetera, a long time. We could talk about DNA. None of that has any standing when we're talking about restitution, reclamation, reparations, and jurisdiction. So let me break it down to you so you can clearly understand. We have a, we have all of these councils, twelve of them. People can certifications in those, aboriginal university, operates here, all of our dissertations, et cetera. We create commerce for ourselves. We register our own businesses, nonprofits, trust, et cetera. We do things in the community under our nonprofits, our trust, and we can do them for free for all of our people. Meaning if you come into the tribe, we do genealogy, all of that stuff. You take a course, you get education, it's free. This is what we can do for ourselves. Organize our families, protect our land, our property, these are things that we can do for ourselves under our own jurisdiction. Communication systems, arts and culture. Some of you taking the economic course where you come out to be an entrepreneur. And you learn how to start your own businesses and interact. These are things we do to ourselves. We don't come before the people and tell them for sixteen years they're going to get a school. We don't come before people and argue on Twitter about how to beg the government for reparations. We're not going to solve the problem only being on TikTok arguing over whether or not American Indians were Hebrew Israelites, or whether this is Egypt. That's all fun and dandy. But if you want to be serious or if you're involved with this and you're doing a genealogy, you need to get with the OGs. When I say OGs, us. Okay. So we wrote this dissertation. So you can learn the process to procedure. Too many of you are messing with sovereign citizens stuff, trying to charge off stuff about to go to federal jail because you don't understand that there's a way inside of your circle. You can make every service free for everybody inside. That is business knowledge. But we wrote this dissertation so you can understand. So I'm going to go through this real quick and I'm going to break down reparations, reclamation and restitution. So you never have to ask a question about it again. So I'm going to go through the authors. That's me. That's Kojo running several businesses been in the tribe for years. This is byach. This is the president of our courts. This is Trisel. He's a seasoned jurist in our jurisdiction. This is Janine. She's a certified genealogist, a jurist. She's working on our own case right now. I won't talk about it. But this is going to be a subject for the future. In the case is a land case. This is brother E.S. A seasoned jurist wrote several dissertations himself. I didn't have a photo of Shadi, but this is Brother Shadi. All right. Very popular in the music, but he's also a jurist as well. Okay. So let's break this down. This is the former US Secretary of the Interior. She was over the Bureau of Independent Affairs. Secretary Deb Holland. She's since been removed. But in her bio, you can see that she said to be a 35th generation New Mexican club. That is absolutely false. Absolutely false. So the whole BIA thing I'm talking about is not about records. They make it about records on the outside. You have to submit this and submit that. It is to keep so-called black people out. The whole process of CDIB policy certificate degree of Indian blood was to cut off genealogy because they were over the five civilized tribes by the time the civil war came. And I can prove that to you. And they squeezed us out. We were slaves under the five civilized tribes. This is why I for centuries come to say, we're Indians enslaved you. They don't know the history. After the war of eight from the war of 1812 to the civil war was the extinguishment of our indigenous identity. And she said she's a 35th generation New Mexican. Now, just to give you a map of what that would be like during this time. There was no New Mexico. This is Mexico. All right. At the time. And this is who wrote Mexico. According to congressional records from the state of Georgia, there begins the Morris people and their Indian associates to whom Mexico properly belongs. This is the 1847. This is the actual report. So this is our father, JD Dutch Holland. He's a European. Check it out. screenshot it. This is our mom. Marie Elizabeth. Alicia Toya. This is her in the census. First generation. This is her mom. Right, for core. So she became a part of a tribe through adoption. You can see her here. She's a stepdaughter. And you can see the people who are Mexicans who brought her in. This is the census data. So she's two generations. A stepchild brought into her tribe. She's not a 35th generation Pablo. Do you know how far back that was? There were only black people in that area 35 generations ago. And we can prove that. And so my point to you is you are so caught up in Dolls, Rolls, Colonel Rolls. You don't understand. That's how they squeeze you out. You can't use the occupiers since his data to verify who you are. You need another strategy. Brian Nolan. Over to be over in the first. What was he? Look at his dad. Why? screenshot. Picture for you. wife. I'm going to show you both of his parents. Why? Take a look at it. Wait. Why? Why? These people are right. In the sense of Europeans. Look at it. So they're over the trust fund. They're over the trust funds. In 2021, HR 4637, The Creek Nation, which is ours. This is our empire. This is why I brought you Emperor Brim, Shaquille. The treaties. These were the embassy. The UK. They already passed legislation threatening to take their money if they don't accept that. The Creek Friedman in. We don't need to be accepted as Creek Friedman, Cherokee Friedman, etc. We need our own exclusive tribe because of the damage that has done been done. And all of our people can come in. And we can move forward with genealogy by recording our own genealogy. But we will get trust fund checks for our body politic that will be distributed to all of our people. Free education, free training, free labor preparation. And you can only do that through a jurisdiction. Where you're going to get the land from. General Andrew Jackson signed the treaty, which is illegal in the United States. Took 21 million acres of our land. Even took the marble deposits that we use. We have the largest marble deposits to build DC. So my point is simple. You need the information to come together to show you how to get reparations. We can guide you through this process. And it's not going to come from no Afro-centric. None of these other people.
