VIDEO_ID: ejywpgpJNvY
TITLE: A Pressure Point that can bring Total Body Healing
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 578.2s
TRANSCRIBED: 94.4s processing
============================================================

Peace, family. Let's go with y'all. Back again, and today we're going to talk about something that's related to a level four certification in our Aboriginal University and Aboriginal Medical Association certification. Fasha, kinetic therapy, and Fasha, mechanical, transduction exercise. And so, what is all of that? Let me tell you a little bit about my background. In my 20s, I took several different types of natural-pathic certifications. I developed the whole curriculum for Aboriginal University with also the development of one of my businesses, the Aboriginal Medical Association. I've been running that for about 25 years. And so, I've also taken certifications in post-uristeration, neuro-connected therapy, all of these different things. And even, I had lots of self-study and Chinese medicine. But what I'm here today to tell you is two points on the body that you can stimulate to basically bring total body health to yourself if you're doing a number of other things. Okay, straight to the point. Here they are. What are these two points? How are they related to Fasha? Muscles and bone science? And how are they also? I'm going to add this in related to indigenous history. One of the things that has helped me tremendously is having confidence in my ancestry when it comes to advanced medical and scientific educational systems. And so, the problem with the modern world is that most people think that modern medicine and other these other things are more advanced than what we used to have. They are not. I must stress they are not. And I'm about to prove it to you. Okay, here. You have this muscular operation here. It's called the SCM. All right, external platoid mastoy. And you have other innovations where it connects to the clavicle. The reason why this is important is because I'm about to show you how this works. I just came back from a client and, you know, we on these platforms I have to use code, but it took me three sessions to help him heal totally from his D memory loss and alls. Yeah, so three sessions, 20 minutes of peace. That's one hour. And so what I've discovered is that there are 27 other related problems with the body that you can use this science that we are developing. We have a certification for the summer to heal the body. So take a screenshot of that because I'm about to talk about this. This is just a front of you. This is become important later when you start dealing with other types of pain and even things that develop in women's breasts, et cetera. But that's the point. And if you deal with Chinese medicine, that's ST12. And I need to give a caveat. There is no such thing as Chinese medicine. That is all timeary to Tarian medicine. Literally. I can prove it because what they are calling meridians are only facial innovations. And they haven't caught up because the type of therapy that they use to try to stimulate these things, whether it be acupressure, acupuncture. That's not what we did. I'm going to show you what we did. But just for the cultural aspect. To go to the Morris history and I know you all think that this is a religious text. It is not. But here you go. The juggler vein? I'm closer to you than your juggler vein. What does that actually mean? A lot of the ancient texts are putting code. I just showed you the anatomy of this one second. So just in case you don't know what the juggler vein is. You can see how it runs through the STM and you have a connection right here at the top of the clavicle. That's important because with those tendons are meeting bone, it's where you have a high amount of concentrated cytoskeleton operations going on. If you heard me talk about cytoskeletons and quantum fields, you don't know why I'm mentioning that. But anyway, you get to see the innovation. In just in case you don't know what the juggler vein does, there you go. And just for your record, this is Genghis Khan. He's one of the rulers of what you're calling Tartaria. Look at him. This is a original photos and the timing scale is off. And this is one of his relatives Heluga Khan with his wife. You can see how they're depicted. And here they have Gets script. He's literally called Constantine right here. I'm talking about this because of Chinese medicine. And just to give you an idea, they just placed these people way back into the 13th century when they actually live in the late 15th and 16th century. This is a map. You can check it out. And these are the rulers of China and Tartaria, Genghis Khan and the other rulers. All right. So I want to go back to this concept of the clavicle because it plays into indigenous history further. I mentioned that from the Koran to show you about the juggler vein and innovations. Then I'm going to break down this from the doggon. All right. So the doggon you can see they talk about the clavicle and it's important. And they say, it is the place of the post seed. Potolo is supposed to be a star, serious B. But they talk about this connection in the clavicle area to the entire universe. And they are making a synchronization between that and that star. I wrote a book called Star Prophecy. And this is all important. But to get to the biology of it when you talk about the clavicle, you're talking about the first condensed bone that is formed in the body. And the first piezoelectric type of mechanical transduction that's happening when the baby is inside of the womb, making this motions, et cetera. All right. So you can read up screenshot that from the doggon. Again, they tell you why the seed is in the clavicle screenshot that because it's going to make sense. And so the doggon view, the human anatomy as a map is a microcosm of the macrocosm. All right. This is their map that they have of it. And so this is how I approach human. All right. So this is from my hair seminar that I did. But I just wanted you to get the mechanical transduction idea going on. Because how I grow people's hair back is through mechanical transduction. I'll tell you what that is. And why the other techniques to stimulate this two places don't work as well. So when someone has a hair problem, they're not growing their hair. It's the Galia apronoratica and the fascia wrapped around it and the occipital frontalis, which is in the front. It's stressed. It needs mechanical stimulation. So in the hair lecture, any of you there, thousands of you would take in it. And you know, you growing your hair back, you will notice that you have to use the bamboo brush to mechanically stimulate it. All right. And so when you have male and female pattern baldness, essentially the fascia is in fibrosis. It's dehydrated. It's tight. Your stress hormones are all having problems. And this particular point on both sides on the clavicle is a union of blood flow between five main organs. And it's clogged. You have to unclog it. And you're unclogging two things. You're unclogging the hydraulic pressure. With the four pressures, hydraulic pressure. And you're also stimulating the cheek or the shee in that area. And so how we do this is we use a specific type of machine. And we stimulate it all the way down into this area right here. I'm a doctor's level one. They are taking continuing ed education on this. So you can go to one of this to get this type of therapy. Or you can take the class when we start in late May or June. And this is one of the apparatus that I use. But the mechanic, mechanic, mechanic, transaction has to have a vibratory rate. You can't, you can massage these areas and get limited improvement. But if you use this, this is under the guise of exercise. Let me protect myself. You're exercising this particular area. And when you exercise that particular area, you can try it for yourself. You will see that if you're having neck pain, neck problems, memory loss, brain fog, eye issues. I had a torn retina in my eye. And this is one of the ways that I hope, you know, get better. And so there are other machines that I have used. But this one is the best one. And this is the one that if you take the class, you're going to get a free one. Or you get with a, I'm a level one doctor. They'll use this machine. And so essentially, you will be stimulating these two areas. You can start by massage, tapping, etc. If you don't have that type of machine. But any of you who are having some severe problems with your body, these two points are the most important points to stimulate. And if you take the course and other stuff, you'll learn more about that. Peace!
