VIDEO_ID: IDEOlO5miRU
TITLE: Who Really Built Tartarian Buildings in America
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 588.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 113.2s processing
============================================================

P. Shaw, we talk about the ancient architecture all the time and we say, hey, our ancestors built that But can we prove it? Beyond just saying hey, hey, horse and buggy, you know that can we prove that our ancestors actually built these structures? This is a 1846 depiction of the US Capitol and what is now known as Washington DC Originally built in the late 1700s, are these torturing structures, are these horse structures, are these Boba and this is Americans, I'm about academic rigor and I prove three steps that cannot build these and that we did. This is step that point deals with the quarry systems, the quarry systems of the Europeans that they did not build Most of these buildings in the justice to the care was later discovery of the architecture, the usage of that knowledge to add on demolish buildings that appear like the Romanesque and the other architecture. So first let's remind you that when they first came here in the 1500s, they depicted us living in fortified cities with architecture that had the types of engineering that would depict as I explained later that we have for electricity, but we call it cathedral that knows other things but this map is by Francisco the Oralana in the 15040s and you can see these cities all over the southeast and the eastern coast. Here's some hours working for you, so you can see these cities. Now this one in particular right here I know is mobile Alabama and it's only because of the records of the Spanish. They did not build these buildings We built them, so take a look at that right there, that's Google Alabama. So this is from the records of the Soto and what does it say? It was on the morning of the 18th of October 1540 with the Soto arrived at town of Mobile. It was the capital of the kingdom of Tuscilusa and it was situated on the north bank of a magnificent river. It was completely encircled by a high wall, wall was surrounded by numerous towers and pierced at close intervals with portals, for which arrows might be discharged at an enemy. There were about 80 houses with these or of immense size capable of containing 1,000 persons each. So hotel, and we do know who Tuscilusa he was considered a giant and he had a cross-seller to the cross-seller that nights of the order of same-tons of roads. Now we do know that Tuscilusa was a part of the creek Confederation as we know them, but in particular the main body of the creek of a creek. The rich takes the photographs of the poor creek for three years that we brought in. Yeah, we see. And in the 1914 report from the U.S. Congress, the hemisphere, just some depictions of East Coast Native Americans. This is from the John Carter Browd archives are early Native Americans in the Delaware region. Take a look. Take another look. That's an afro-brething. So the phenotype, skin type, all that. Over and over, they depicted the peoples of the East Coast as black folk. So now let's look at the quarrying of Europeans because those buildings were already here in a 1500 in this Spanish cane. Check out these quarries. 1743 North Carolina granite corporation. 1785, Doris said Marpo quarry, late 1700s, public quarry at government island. Which was said to be used to build the capital of that. 1805, Pennsylvania Slate operations, 1809, WN Flint, Granite, 1810, Parker Abbidden, Wheaton quarries, 1826, Quincy quarries, 1827, Steinfield, limestone quarry, 1830 main granite, industry, 1836, thought quarry, 1854, early California quarries, 1880, Rock of Ages, 1883, Swenson, Granite, 1887, Woodberry, Granite company. So all these quarries, Europeans, care about 178, 1811, 1811, some came early in the 1600s and Massachusetts. What about native quarries? Of course they were here. Check them out. Paleo-Indian period, granite, Jasper, early in the middle, archaic period, mats of course sites, deposits, Lake archaic period. So they were already quarries here. And so when this managed came, they depicted towns. Those little red dots, they show cathedral-like buildings. So they had early maps that had the city in the Virginia area call, Norm, Vega. Look at that map. 4,000, almost $5,000. Here's a close-up of Norm Vega. You see it? Cathedral's. Norm Vega is Washington, D.C. How do we know? Check it out. Check out the Chesapeake right here. There you go, you see it. And so these buildings were already here. The Spanish came. They saw these buildings here. They said they could hold thousands of people. And then we get the quarry sites, European started the quarry sites, some in the 1600s, and then they industrialized them in the 1700s. The quarry sites were already here. The buildings are depicted. David Ingram, who was traveling with John Hardy Hawkebs. And was a contemporary of John, wrote a very descriptive depiction of these buildings in Washington, D.C. Norm Vega. Dean Snow, an archaeologist and head of the Anthropology Department of Penn State, published the extraordinary journey of David Ingram and Elizabeth Inceler in Native North America, in which he examined the original manuscripts of Ingram's interview and determined the confused version of his story that appeared was the result of disorganization of poor editing. Snow re-ordered the testimony in chronological order and demonstrated that once on Scramble, Ingram's testimony is plausible in that he should be reinstated as a trustworthy source. There's your source right there. These buildings were already here. Look at the background. This is South America. Close up. Look at the building structures. Look at the arches. Same arches. Look who's in this building. They want you to believe this tartaria is not. This was made by a Mason. This guy in this book. So this is not tartaria. This is Indigenous America, interacting with mors from the east to build all these structures. And the white people were slaves. These are not, look at how they depict the Florida Native America is cultivated in the planting. No, these were slaves. They came over 600 years before the commerce era. They're already proof that. Screenshot it. And so when you see these cities, you know, yeah, we built these cities. White folks weren't even here to build. And they all had domes, with conductors. Usually when you see the blue greenish color that's copper, sometimes gold or you see the cathedral types, with a metal that's conducting. We have free electricity and free water. We had these fours with these people. When we abandoned our cities. And now we need to rebuild them under jurisdiction.
