VIDEO_ID: ioammi2FDfs
TITLE: Yamasee Guale Ogeechee vs The Fiction of Gullah Geechee
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.98)
DURATION: 586.0s
TRANSCRIBED: 67.6s processing
============================================================

All right, I had to do a part two and a pack of whole bunch of stuff in here just for y'all What I was trying to say about this whole argument is that the people's name was Yamisee I'm going to prove it and I know none of y'all on here who came in here my comments know any of this stuff So I'm about the King of clubs ether you Guale is a location. It's not a people. There are no Guale Indians Guale is a location or Gichi is a river There are no Gichi guala people. I was trying to tell you that the names come from indigenous places and Then they invented I about to show you who went and how they invented guala Gichi people The name of the people in this area is Yamisee Guale is Hitichi Which got dropped down into a musco again, which is a dialect of Titishi guale means water Lay means land people of the land by the water. They were describing geography Ogui she River of the she and so I'm about to go into this and explain this really quickly All right, remember the book cover murder and martyrdom in Spanish Florida Don Juan and the Guale up rising of 1597. This is a book second hand resource now watch this from the University of Georgia They're going to replace guale with what same year 1597 the Yamisee revolt and the destruction of the Georgia missions by who? J. J. Johnson in a University of Georgia Georgia historical quarterly Why with the whole University of Georgia historians called the people Yamisee of 1597 Revote and in an independent author called the people guale Before we continue less established that they're not five dollar Indians original the Dutch talking about the 1715 revote They came a hundred and 15 years later look at the Yamisee look at them You can see them look at them You can see them look at them They're black the Yamisee were black. Oh, you don't believe me. Well, I'm gonna let you 14th the Mimic citizens report to your government Let's your government report what the Yamisee were hold on one second Source here is before the joint commission of Congress of the United States 63 Congress to investigate Indian affairs September 15 1913 December 6 through 1914 and in this report they say what the Yamisee Indians were Negroes Let's blow it up. Yamisee Indians were Negroes Let's stretch it out and what does it say the Yamisee Indians were Negroes that were known afterwards of the fiercest Indian tribes in the south Fiercest is because they kicked out the English and just almost destroyed the colony in 1715 It did the same thing in 1597 So this is a quote from the Georgia report the revival came in 1593 during that year the council of the Indies Grand the permission to the 12 friends Franciscans to interfloor the now Florida was Georgia the whole area in South Carolina following the year Pedro the Corpa Miguel the on-off francisco Veliscola all these names whatever go down here the Guadalini has had rebelled against the Spaniards and so dangerous Had their hostility become that the soldiers of the small garrison found it impossible to leave the stockades Guar was the location. This was the Yamisee fighting in 1597 and 71715 and they were Negroes and they weren't from Africa. How did they get here? Now let me calm down and explain something very important. You see these colonists They are British subjects white people fighting black people, but the rulership During this time In England was black the black people had the white people as British subjects Work in the plantations and they started getting into conflict with the jurisdictions of black Indians or Aboriginals or whatever you want to call them. They were Melinated people That's the context and that's the context you're missing from history You thought the leadership was white the leadership in Great Britain and all those areas was black and they had white people that slaves and these were slaves Subjects fighting free indigenous people in these pictures. Let's go to another area. This is Florida Giovanni Volpetto 18th century depiction of Florida Aboriginals black Beards They were all over Florida South what we what we're calling Florida South Carolina Georgia and they are origination and hub was Alabama that's where you get the name Yamisee from hold on The word is a compound word. Yama I see Yama I see though this word had multiple meanings among indigenous peoples of the Americas in the Mosquee He Creek language. It is in their name for the mobilian trade jargon and the indigenous people who lived on the lower Mobile River in present day Alabama where you had who Tuscaloza black warrior Ali Bammu. That's a tribe Yama. Let's show you where the end of the word name. So you will understand why they even had this name Let's go to the Seminoles who are fake tribe the Seminoles were They're not Simarunes or all the other stuff the name Oceola who's a chief a Seminole leader means black drink Cryer it is derived from the Mosquee Creek name I see your holo where I see refers to the ceremonial black drink Do you know what this black drink actually was we're about to talk about it? Yapo Holly holds a significant place in Native American culture particularly in southeast in the United States Where it was used for a variety of purposes including a caffeinated beverage medicinal applications in ceremonial ritual It's the only native caffeinated plant in North America and Native Americans have utilized these leaves 4,000 of years So they were called Yama C because they were keepers of medicine. Look at this Yopun was used in sacred ceremonies Friendship rituals and purification rituals often involving drinking and purging the plant leaves were used for a medicinal purposes Including calming nerves purifying water and inducing appetite. Yopun tea was also a social drink This is kind of not given the real picture, but the embassy were keepers of the medicine They were the chiefs of the medicine This is why they were so against the The invasions they understood it and they said it watch this All right, this is from the same article from Georgia, but I'm just gonna read the quote now the father is dead But he would not have been if he had allowed us to live as we did before we became Christians Let us return to our former customs. This is 15 97 their saying this and prepared to defend ourselves against the punishment With the governor of Florida, we'll try to inflict the punishments for if he succeeds in it We he will be as rigorous for this one father as though we had made an end of them all for he was surely persecuted us for the father We have killed so it was killing off the priest and it was like we want to go back to our original religion Yopch coming in here trying to get us to become Christians etc. Rebellion All right, so this is the guy Lorenzo doubt Turner was the guy who created this concept of gulla guichi and he was a Harvard professor or whatever and What was he doing in the early 1930s Lorenzo doubt Turner recorded a song that islander Amelia Dolly had taught by a mother Octavia Tauba Shaw who was born into slavery Dolly taught the song to her own daughter Mary Marin who became the last person in the United States to know the song Which would link her to a small village in where see era Leon keep that in mind Nova Scotia as a starting point in the late 1700s Nova Scotia then part of British British North America Remember the black people were ruling Britain sitting in the white people at subjects became a destination for various groups of people including black loyalists They're saying former slaves who fought for the British during the American Revolution They were not slaves. They were aboriginals and the reason why they sided with great Britain because the leadership had made Treaties with them and their subjects these Americans who were slaves Created the Declaration of Independence and Revolted So they were sending aboriginals to Nova Scotia over time. Many of these people including some from Nova Scotia others Who had arrived from elsewhere expressed this satisfaction with their conditions in this out of the new beginning. This led to a mass migration to Africa These people were Americans who got shit this Sierra Leone and that Creole language Creole language was learned here and so what y'all are confused about is y'all think that Gullogichi is connected to Sierra Leone and you don't realize this Sierra Leone people came from the goddamn Americas There is no gullogichi gullogichi is a fiction created from emcee guale and Ogichi
