VIDEO_ID: KPHJQZZM29E
TITLE: DNA Testing Bias #CopperColored
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 389.5s
TRANSCRIBED: 96.3s processing
============================================================

So I've been on my visa, right, because I believe it comes to black Americans and those African percentages on those ancestry tests aren't African at all, but indigenous American DNA. But before I jump to that, this is only for educational and academic purposes only. Anything I say in the video is backed up by scientific article and historical documents that you look up yourself. Do your research and use your own disarmament and come to your own conclusion. So when those tests show that you're studying to send African or whatever percentages, it only means that your DNA looks similar to people living in Africa today, and it doesn't tell you when those markets got there. Because remember, I touch based on this in a previous video. Ancestry and knitted that your system is built on the one-way migration system. It doesn't account for the indigenous black Americans that got shipped to Africa during the first late trade, and it doesn't account for the free negroes that migrate to Africa post slavery. So I've been deep diving, and that's some of the problems something very interesting. You're going to want to see this. Okay, so follow me. Did you know that when scientists built the first roughest panels for these ancestry DNA tests, the first roughest panels for Native American DNA had no North indigenous Americans sampled at all, none. So how did they define what Native American DNA needs? Let me show you what they did. In the early study, they went to communities in Peru, Honduras, Colombia, Mexico, Puerto Rico to build their roughest panels to represent North American indigenous DNA for the federally recognized tribes, because most federally recognized tribes didn't want to participate due to serity and distress. Because research is trying to get samples from federally recognized tribes in the US and to well funded the trust and legal protection, they took a show cut. Let's look at what the Bible says. The geographical swap. They sample people in central and South America, medical, political, and ambia, etc, because they would easier to get samples there at the time. Keep out. But here's what they don't believe. When scientists were building the first roughest panels for Native American DNA, they found that almost every single person that they could sample has some degrees of African and European atmosphere in them. The scientists built the first roughest panels, but indigenous American DNA they face a major hurdle. Almost every living person they to sample has some degree of European and African atmosphere due to the vast quantity of the history. Let's keep going. To create a peer reference, they didn't just find, on this people, they used a process called Chromosomal Masking. The digital pill in an atmosphere. Let's go to the Masking process. It says, if a Mexican or Puerto Rico participant come in early part of the 1,000 genome projects, has stomachs of DNA that match known Spanish or West African markets, the algorithm has ignored those segments. The 1,000 genome project, opening means they had no cure, North American indigenous samples, so they had to use admixed populations, Mexicans, Puerto Rico's Colombia's. And then they literally stripped away the African and European parts to see what was left. And that was the first phase in group. Once again, the samples, they went to populations that are mixed up native European African ancestry like Mexican and Colombians, the stripping process, pay attention. They used computers to analyze the DNA of these admixed individual and strip away the sections they had already tagged as European or African. The results were ever submissive DNA were left over after this removal process with defined as native American reference. If a scientist used a modern Mexican peruvian or Caribbean indigenous person as a rural reference without strip of the DNA first, the test was shown. They had European and African ancestry too. And it goes on the sand about, by cleaning the sample scientist created a theoretical baseline for what an unmissed indigenous person would look like. This creates two major issues in the way people will talk about these results. The double standard, when a indigenous person today takes a DNA test, the indigenous person as they see is compared to the clean panel. It doesn't mean that their family tree is pure, cool, and cool. It just means that the test is looking at the specific that miscites the site to label as indigenous. So this is what it looks like in the studies, for the first phase. When applied to admixed American AR samples from the 1,000 DNA project, these are the percentages they got. And let's go down to the bottom. It says, key methodology in size. East Asian and the proxy, because the doubts are going to impact the lack of pure indigenous American reference sample. Once again, researchers often use East Asian populations as a genetic proxy. Due to the sheer ancestral roots between the groups. So basically, they stripped away the European African percentages out, and let the East Asian in as a baseline for the 40 to them. The East Asian markers count as indigenous due to the damaged state migration. The second phase, the Native American reference panel, was also built using modern day indigenous populations from South America. But those people, like all modern populations, today, carry some degree of African and European attitude. So the second phase of the Native American reference panel was a subset of the AMR group that I showed you in the Dalton Dino project. And scientists use the same chromosome messaging on the Native American samples that is it on the larger AMR groups by digitally deleted the African European segments out. And only the East Asian segments were saved into the final reference panel, and that's the baseline you to define who's indigenous. When someone says they are 100% Native American based on a DNA test, it doesn't mean their answers are never mixed with Africans or Europeans. It means the test ignored those parts of the DNA and only counted the Siberian derived segments. The science is literally deleted the African and European history out of the reference sample to create a peer label that doesn't actually exist in any modern person's entire genome. So the bottom line, when they get up here, and mock us for having European and African admixture, they're mocking us for the very same admixture that was found in them, and they stripped out of their own reference panels and called all those left indigenous Americans. Modern Native American people have European and African admixture, but the mixture is stripped away to create the indigenous label you see on the DNA report. The Japanese test automatically separates these parts for everyone, but because of the way the indigenous label was built by stripping, it makes one group look like they have a peer cure while making your history look like a mix that started in 1492. So once again, it is the thing though, the peer Native American DNA and these reference panels are based off of Siberian DNA markers. That's what they use in the form when assigning them to the indigenous American label. It's not very easy, this is the base layer, it's the ancient DNA from the original people who course the very language. This is what the test is actually looking for when they give you a Native Americans percentage, and then it goes on to say that European African admixture does also in their DNA. So yes, Native Americans does have admixture, the same thing they like to mock us for. European African in the Siberian, the only difference is when they go to test, they stripped out the African and European admixture for them. Their admixture gets erased where else gets displayed. Same science, different ways, but wait, there's more. Their Siberian is in baseline markers, like the African and European markers are also hitting on this test, and that's perfectly done. And if you do this, yeah, I think this part, I promise you. The next part, now I'll tell you why.
