VIDEO_ID: KUvLkQQfS20
TITLE: Addressing Scientific Racism
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 506.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 61.1s processing
============================================================

Please, family, Dr. Ali of the Aboriginal Medical Association, coming here to talk about racism and science and medicine. And it's a controversial subject, but I do it in a way that I think can help everyone. And I use the common feature of skin to walk our cells into the discussion, where we have e-mellonin and the o-mellin. And this is thought to be some result of natural selection of something of that sort, and it is absolutely not. When we look at Neanderthals, we know they suffer from a condition called Actinic caratosis. Actinic is describing the cosmic race according to modern physics. And caratosis is what's happening in the skin. You get something called squamous cells and they develop into cancer. And so this is the result of being out of it, out of the sun. And you have to ask yourself a question, why would any organism have basically an allergic reaction to the sun? And, you know, what is this about? My discovery in chemistry says that Actinic caratosis is actually related to the radioactive element on the periodic table element 89, Actinium. And without bothering you with a whole bunch of chemistry, we need to understand some basic principles. First of all, all of the metals on the periodic table that we see have the origin in the local star that any planet is in the gravitational field of. And so earth having all the metals, iron, copper, we don't think about them coming from the sun, but they actually do, but they come in a different form. And it requires us to redo physics and chemistry, which is why I came up with a thesis called the Polymorphic particle thesis. And what this says is that there's not a bunch of particles like helium, carbon, it's all one particle and it goes through different phases. But we'll use the language to help. And so essentially what happens is you have an element called scantium that is in its cosmic ray form and their processes that deliver that element to the earth. And when the elements get to the earth from the polymorphic cosmic ray form, they cool. And in that cooling, we experience these elements, some of them are in the crust and the ground, so we get them from vegetation, some of them, we experience it by them touching our skin. And so scantium is one of them, and scantium is on a periodic table. And what happens in the entire process is scantium begins to degrade. It degrades into ritrium, lanternum, and then its last phase is actinum. And actinum is a part of the actinose, which are radioactive metals. So what you're seeing in the descendants of Neanderthals, people with pale skin, is radioactivity where the cells actually are expanding. And the cytoskeletons are collapsing, and the whole cell structure just starts to collapse. And this radioactivity can spread. Metastasizing needs to be looked at differently. It is radioactive spread of elements through cells that are destroying them. And once we come to a better knowledge of chemistry, we have to take the whole periodic table of mind to live and throw it away. Many people have tried in the past, and they haven't gotten to the stage that we are in the Aboriginal Medical Association. We also have to take the way that we're studying in physics and throw it away. I promise you. And so what you're looking at is the fact that people with my skin have a biology that can react to the sun and now organize a structure of carbons to reduce or take away the radioactivity of these substances. And then use other elements like copper, which you find in the Taurus and A's enzyme to help so that we can communicate with the sun. And so that's not happening with certain groups of people. And the reason why that's not happening is because something happened in the past. And we have to look at it for what it is. We can look at indigenous records. We can look at modern science. But people lost their U-mellon and by losing their U-mellon, their DNA became unstable. And with that instability comes, it's likeosis, comes a behavioral dynamic comes a gene flow. And so this is why we should not be add mixing with people who have this problem. We have to look at it for what it is. It is a biological problem, but it can be easily solved. And so we have that type of knowledge and we've proven it by taking people who have things like the LIGO and bring it back to Mellon in the past. But if you live on Earth, you need U-mellon. And we have to address these things by drawing away the racist science because science in the modern world will not even allow for you to have these discussions. Because it's made to look like someone is trying to put down another group of people. That's not what's happening. What's happening is we're analyzing so that we can make humanity healthy and analyze why we have people who have this historical behavioral dynamic of destruction. And so we got nuclear plants, plants all over the place with all this radio activity. We have a political campaign that we want to propagate to the public to shut down nuclear facilities. We could literally wipe out humanity because we don't know that radio active substances are supposed to be below ground. That's how we get soil. They literally have cosmic ray flow that breaks down rocks and make soil and microbes, etc. And so by us mining these things because we think we need them for energy, we have a problem. We can literally access free energy energy is all around us. We have the discussions, people have been assassinated for these things, so we're not focusing on that per se. But we have to look at science in a different way and racism has blocked us. I can talk at any university on any part of the planet and explain why the endothal has academic caratosis and why your region suffer from that today and what needs to be done to help that. Because if we don't help that then we're going to have larger levels of melanoma, the fertility radio is going to drop. You have more metastasizing of cancers, specifically lung cancers because academic caratosis has a connection to lung cancer. And this is all based on chemistry. And on a larger scale we have to have our ability to implement indigenous education without interruption from people who disagree with us. We don't mind that you disagree. We are just living our lives and trying to improve humanity in a way that we can and protect our culture. And science is a huge part of indigenous culture even though racism has made it look like that's not the case. It is the case. And so we want to promulgate our education publicly and privately to help those who want to get help. Having pale skin is not natural. It is not. It is the result of the effect of cataclysms on this earth and human beings who have that signature need to allow science to speak boldly and say how did this happen. If it is an issue that is causing mass cancer and infertility which it is how are we going to respond to that. And so social engineering and propaganda is not the way to respond. Racism is not the way to respond. Open communication is a way to respond. And we will be doing that whether people like it or not.
