VIDEO_ID: MnFTV9g35Ls
TITLE: Prostate Disease & Heaux Culture
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 600.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 132.2s processing
============================================================

Peace family talking to building them here with one of our deep in the back moment. This is going to grow blow your mind And I'm not here to talk about you any fresh right now, but it is important for me to show this because at the end I'm going to tell you why I Design this product in the average of medical association We do some very advanced forms of Pathology figuring out what's going on in the body why how and causation and And I'm here to talk about prostate cancer Prosthetitis. We usually think it's caused by Nutrition like other aspects of lifestyle only, but one of the things that you are not considering is who you have had sex with Who you are having sex with who they had sex with and how it impacts your prostate amongst other things So let's get a working definition of the sex zone. The sex zone primarily refers to the unique Transfarable Back to your community. Genital microbiome. You didn't know you had a microbiome in your genitals. Yeah, you do Women and men found on human genitals, which can be exchanged during sexual and of course acting as a Genital fingerprint For forensic identification. It is used in criminal investigations to trace partners even when condoms are used Researchers, notably Murdoch University, have found that the bacterial DNA of one partners genital microbiome is Transferred to the other and can be detected afterward similar to DNA profiling. So this is not seeming Every man has a sex zone of Bacteria that has been transferred down through generations and they're also transposed on Meaning horizontal gene transfer because you have poor diet poor lifestyle alcohol drinking all of that So if your girl They're a woman was with a man who was the alcoholic who was having sex with dude Secretly was doing all of that and you have sex with her she's transferring that man's DNA profile Genital microbiome to you So I'm just going to get types there. There's a lot, but these are some general ones right here that are a part of the sex zone that are dangerous Proteus, Clebselia, Intobacter, and pseudomonas. All right. Yes These can be found in the genital Semino or urinary tract of men particularly as a part of patho biant Pathogen commensal component of the sex zone Rather than the core healthy microbiome. So these are adverse pathogens that can be found in the sex zone They're not considered Sexually transmitted Diseases or anything, but they are, but that's the whole other subject. So while the male genital tract sex zone is often considered to be Dominated by Dr. Flacoccus and Streptococcus These specific graham negative bacteria are frequently associated with the male urinary area particularly in the context of prostate Infections Well, you might say, Brad, you strapped up. I'm cool. I'm cool. All right. No, that's just this is a research. Can he's pathogen spread during sex? Even with a condom. Yes, the pathogens all of them can be transferred during sex Even when a condom is used while these bacteria are not typically classified as sexually transmitted infections like Climidity or gonorrhea. They are considered causes of urinary tract infections and and that can be introduced Into the urethriture through sexual activity. So you get the UTIs. You get the prostititus I'm going to show you at least the prostate cancer too potentially Okay real quick. Are they spread the spike the condom mucus condoms provide a physical barrier that reduces the risk of STIs But they do not eliminate all bacteria transfer during sexual contact skin to skin and fluid transfer sexual activity involves Close bodily contact allowing for the transfer of bacteria often referred to as the sex zone from skin hands Where the amoeiria now we grown we got to talk your phallus is in the inside, but you're Your sack don't have a condom and it's all kind of exchanged just a fluid etc. All right, so the friction and motion of sex can move bacteria from the surrounding genitals or anal area into the urethra Some condoms, especially those with spermicides or certain lubricants can irritate the urethra making it easier for bacteria Like clipselia or intobacterial backter to attach and cause infection So some people are kind of being said where prostititus is an infection, but it doesn't lead I do the research it doesn't lead to cancer no you need to understand how to do research how to do experimentation and we do Dagnostic so it's a whole different story over here, but for those of you all only don't online research Let's just understand something What are the certified causes of prostate cancer the exact cause of prostate cancer is not fully understood But it is known to be driven by damage to the DNA of prostate cells So damage to the DNA all right causing them to grow and divide uncontrollably many of the risk factors are involved the primary confirmed drivers of these genetic changes are Advanced age which causes genetic mutations family history genetics, which is passed in on vertically Genetic mutations and specific acquired mutations and they're not telling you how they're acquired. We're about to show you Back to the sex zone do these pathogens in the sex zone of another man that you can get from the woman that you're having sex with can they cause mutations in your prostate And if they can cause mutation to your prostate, I haven't even led to What they can really do, but we're gonna get it. That's the last question. Do these bacteria or can they cause genetic changes in prostate cells? Yes All of those are commonly associated with bacterial prostititis and urinate tract infections that can induce chronic inflammation and genetic changes in prostate cells These bacteria can contribute to genomic instability including DNA damage and mutations that may promote the development of prostate cancer Who is how these bacteria contribute to genetic changes chronic inflammation these gram-negative bacteria can cause infection and persistent Information within the prostate immune cells, phagocytes, macrophages, recruited to the infection site release Reactive oxygen species, reactive nitrogen species, which can directly damage the D and A So lastly, can we transfer these things? I'm just gonna let you read now. Can it be transferred? Yes, the bacteria sex zone of one man can be transferred to another man through a shared female partner Study show genital bacteria are exchange doing intercourse with macrobial traces from one partner often detected on the other This transfer can cause for example bacteria vaginosis bacteria from one man to be passed to a woman who then passes it to another man The sex zone concept research is found that the partners exchange their unique genital microbiomes term the sex zone during sex So they got the transfer mechanism. Yes So now we gotta talk about Remedy now. I'm not here to sell you anything any of our doctors know we teach this information So when I tell you about Will healer and unicorn and you only fresh and all these things I teach people how to make these people You don't have to be a customer for me for life. I want to educate you But you need to also understand the implications of what is happening and so when you go to on the website and you see this And you see this and amongst other products what we are trying to do is not like any other people on earth So let me close on this particular point Nature does not care about your fucking feelings or opinions It operates on laws and so your belief means nothing in this conversation What I'm saying to you is if you're a woman especially if you had children by multiple men You have the sex zone of those men in your body the adverse sex zone and so you do need to do a parasite detox We have that here you do need six month of your only fresh in abstinence to clean out your body and if you don't that last nigga Who was drunk they're gonna pass bad back to this gets very deep into the psychology and Sociology of relationships and why they're failing and it has to do with biochemistry Chemistry hell even physics, but the point here is that We use very very specific materials here that clean the cervix the cervix has its own microbiome This is where all your past partners Sex zones are stored you are literally walking around with your past partners on your mind Sometimes a past partner can come up randomly. You don't even know why that's because those Backteria are causing trans Pozyne effect is called horizontal gene transfer and so you might not have to know all the things that we know
