VIDEO_ID: MSzianp7SKs
TITLE: Indigenous Governance vs DEI & Civil Rights
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1054.4s
TRANSCRIBED: 109.7s processing
============================================================

Peace family, Dr. Alina Building, and I am back to talk about D.E.I. versus Tribal jurisdiction. And I'm going to incorporate D.E.I. in the context of civil rights. And I want to talk about the fall of the erroneous black leadership and the things that caused it. Now, the reason why I'm comparing Tribal jurisdiction, which I consider proper restitution for our people versus D.E.I. and the civil rights movement is because it is, it's like a psychological smuggish board, right? You got a lot that's intertwined into this whole civil rights thing. The black power movement, all of those things are, we're not self-directed. They had instances of self-directed because of the desire for various types of liberation in response to, of course, real problems, real social problems. Yet, the reason why they were not self-directed is because of cultural phenomena and because of infiltration, right? And the cultural phenomena is the most important part because we have been bred as a people that we're African or African descent. In fact, now it's becoming so convoluted that everybody's African, right? I guess in some ways, through evolution. It's ridiculous. And so the claim of it being ridiculous is not just opposite Polar side, not liking the distinguishment of being African. That's not what it is. We're talking academically inaccurate, historically inaccurate. It's amazing that people can take the position that indigenous people across the globe have been lied to about the history, the history, has been falsely reconstructed. They can emit that. And then, when any of us brings a thesis to actually go further and prove that, it's like, oh, you're going too far. Well, we're not going too far. And so here's the skin of it. Di is over. Di came about as a result of things that Obama did, but it was a part of a loan standing movement for decades from the civil rights era. And what black never took into consideration as a whole is the danger of letting other groups guide your cultural movements at a pseudo-cultural. And so the result is you have a bunch of fake social influencers who don't have real networks. So the reason why I'm comparing what we do to what they do be is because it's time to do that. And so what is a network? A network is groups of families who work for long periods of time on business operations of any time. And so the difference between our jurisdiction and any of these social influencers and the not so real organizations or institutions that they have. And I say not so real because they only exist in influence online. Meaning there is no large scale or small scale, really infrastructure or institutional building at all. And I'll give you an example. I can go right now to 88 doctors in our tribe, pull them together for a think tank, develop a subject and address the problem if we have a problem in our society, in our tribal jurisdiction. And their specialization will be in the fills of plant medicine, supplementation, nutrition, pathology, all of those things. We can get together and we have and we can publish materials in out of think tanks that become dissertation material or useful material for the larger group. So we basically have each of our institutions whether they be the lawyers, the doctors, whoever, midwives, as bureaus of information and education that can quickly get together or over a long time periods get together and plan something. And we do that. You know that takes a lot of love, it takes a lot of dedication, it takes a lot of honor, it takes a lot of respect, it takes a lot of integrity. This is not a result of people who are hiding behind accomplishments, who are not character building. We're doing it all together because it is a requirement for us to be successful. Going to the other side, you have a bunch of pseudo groups and I'm going to call them pseudo in the sense of the networks aren't real because if you call them them to do something like you could call on the environmental protection agency and whether or not you agree with their policy, they have specialists in their field that are hired to do particular things. So you've got the sanitation department here, they can actually pick up the trash. What can these social influencers actually pull together and accomplish for you? Nothing. I've been around and watched all of them come and go since the late 90s and so the importance of this particular conversation is to get you as black people to understand how ridiculous of a thing that you have been participating in which I participated in too because I was ignorant. I didn't know but now after having nearly three decades of study and development as a human being myself and with other people it is clear to us the direction that we need to go in as the people and we've been doing that. But we've been doing it quietly and building a network. So this is about a lot of different things. So when I go back to the counterculture and I'm coming back to talk about a real culture, what is the real culture? Real men do real things, patiently, consistently, focused, to execute and to have fun with the answer create a world of entrepreneurship, jobs, opportunities for our people, self-administered. We didn't ask anybody permission to do this to form our own indigenous government. We did not ask anybody permission to do that. You don't ask people permission for reparations. Reparations is something you do for yourself. And so black people missed a whole civil rights movement because it was controlled by outside forces. They brought in the fake Afrocentric culture to Melville Herkowitz and Franz Boas. I was the first one to point that out in the public about how that was orchestrated around W.E.B. the boy. And then other people came and talked about it online. But you need to understand that came from me and my research on how Afrocentricism was created and how it had connections to Elgrin Cohen and the CIA and all of those think tanks that put together to say this is a good thing for us. But it started prior to that too. And so this is one of the reasons we're doing the documentary on the Civil War to give better perspective for our people so they don't understand that for they do understand that the angle that we are coming academically about our identity, not about our ideologies. You can keep your ideologies. You can be a Hebrew, more Muslim. I don't know. I've got all kinds of ideologies and that's right. That's your personal belief system. I have nothing to do with that. But I'm talking about identity historically. That's a whole different thing. And so now it's come where I got the movement that was put on my back because nobody else carried this. After the emphasis gone, my teacher Medina Lee brother minutes to Anthony taught me about this in the late 90s. I was in the FY and nobody else carried this. I carried this whole indigenous movement on my back. And then other people came over time and in online people came and I had to mention them. But they weren't serious either and I'm getting to a point. It's not the information that is transformative. It's the action consistently over short and long periods of time that is transformation. And so I'll give you an example. The American Indian black Indian movement now is so saturated with pseudosisms and ideology. America is Egypt. America is not Egypt. It's catchy for online audience. It might get you views. And so you're selling sensationalism. But as a real man or woman who is concerned about generations three or four generations from now. Which you're not. Actually you don't, your behavior shows you're not. Why be so sloppy and sensational? It's for instant gratification, attention and possibly some money from your TikTok shop or whatever else you are selling a lot. Right. You don't have a plan. That's what I'm trying to say. It's not a well-developed plan. And so you're making up all kinds of things. The saturation up there was never a slave trade. It's crazy. That's not something that you'll hear us say. We just got to put it in the context to make it very clear to you that there was a black American indigenous slave trade before anything African ever happened. And who was being enslaved in the Southeast were indigenous people who you would label phenotypically as Negroes. So the education part, we have publishing things on that to make that accurate. And it even goes into the DNA because you know a lot of those at Pan-African Afrocentric people have no idea how we are able to distinguish ourselves based on biochemistry. And they're saying DNA, but you have to say more than DNA. In order to make these distinguishes because we do have common ancestors. But my point is we have those institutions. I can do the testing and have done an end. We are doing currently doing an experiment to show that the microbiome of the cement of our American indigenous ancestors is completely different than African people. So you can do a genetic test and you can test apple of groups. But let's look at the microbiome of the two to show that they developed in distinguishing geographical environments over long periods of time. My point is we have the Aboriginal Medical Association. We have native labs. We do DNA testing ourselves. These are, and these are things we have at Aboriginal University. That's self-administered reparations. The things that you are engaging with these thought leaders online is the simulation. And it's the result of decades and decades and decades of distorted culture black men not being independent autonomous thinkers. Therefore, their women and children being the war booty of other groups of people. And that will continue. But my closing point is this. Sometimes you're so stupid that the arguments that you're engaged in, you can't see the full picture. And I have to use the word stupid because at this point in 2025, 15111 on the original calendar, it's stupid to be arguing about these things. Either you are the solution or you're not. That's it. Either you have the capabilities or you don't. And if you don't, what capabilities do you need and where are you going to get them from? Because there are no white institutions that can teach you to medicine or the Aboriginal Medical Association. There's no law firms on earth that can teach you what the aren't the Aboriginal law firm teaches you. They don't exist. There's no midwifery certification that can teach you the birth sciences that the she family birth system is teaching to the midwives in our tribal jurisdiction. It doesn't exist. Go interview the midwives and they let them cross compare the certifications from norm or wherever else they may be interacting with. It doesn't exist. So the reason why I'm saying that is because you don't really believe in black excellence, you don't. Because if you believe in black excellence, you also believe in black autonomy. And then you would have the ability to construct the institutions to make sure that the identity that we are using is accurate and it's strategic for the future of the next seven generations of our people. And I'm telling you, you don't have that with the social influencers on Instagram, TikTok, YouTube, wherever they may be. They're the matrix. They're the matrix. And so the future is in, indigenous government, the future is an institutional building, the future is in our autonomy, the future is in our federal recognition under Trump administration to get access to trust fund, assets so that we can continue to build. But we're not about the electronic, Johnny come late these come in and redirect the indigenous movement that we started. And we are certainly not concerned at all in any way whatsoever with DEI and civil rights. We are actively building families culturally like we know to be successful. And so your future is what? I don't know. What you need to get informed, so you can make better decisions about your future because in 2050, where will you be? 2050 will be here soon. 2030 will be here in five years. What will you be doing? What markets have you saturated high level skill and supply that is a high demand for? What business structures are you running that can run globally in the age of AI and the downsizing of jobs? What skill says to you actually have? That's something for you to think about in the future. DEI, civil rights, the whole Afrocentric movement, the Black Power movement, is dead. It's done. And your future, depending on what you're, how you're in tangled with that, or whether or not you're able to really understand what is happening with what we're talking about with this indigenous movement. It's not a joke. You're you're going to miss out. Many of you say you would have been with Malcolm or Martin or whoever Elijah, Marcus Garvey, no you wouldn't. You wouldn't. You wouldn't even recognize them properly at the time that they were alive. You would be saying about them, what you say about me.
