VIDEO_ID: Nb2NiRhIU5A
TITLE: How Excessive Sitting Causes Major Health issues with the Spine and pelvic muscles
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 473.4s
TRANSCRIBED: 66.9s processing
============================================================

Alright, back again, and I want to talk about all practical things on my channel, and I welcome you to subscribe and send all of your family members because many of them are having back pains, hip pains, knee pains, full body pain, fibromyalgia, whatever, and they're not getting practical things that they can implement every day. They're getting surgeries, they're getting all types of interventions. This is something that we do every day. We have a lifestyle from school, sitting at desk, work, sitting at desk, and I want to talk about what this does to the posture and the body, how it compresses the spine, how it affects the so-as, and the other hip flexor muscles. And what you can do to reverse what this does to you because you may not be aware of how sitting affects your overall health and can adversely cause many different problems. Okay, so you're sitting, and the lower part of your spine, you might think you're sitting because your legs are resting. But the gravity is compressing, let's say you work eight hours, we're in school, eight hours. The gravity is compressing the disc, the entire time. So the weight shifts from your feet and your legs to the lower part of your spine. And so you're doing this for 30 years, or longer, you had school, you're driving in your car. So you need things so that you can relieve the problems this can cause, let's talk about it. Okay, so sitting, of course, it affects the so-as, it affects the quadratus, the limb arm, and most people are also not breathing, right? So now you have this restricted muscle, and it even works itself all the way down to the soccer mirrors, which means that the smart soccer mirrors are the smallest unit of the muscles. And they're going to tighten because your body is orientated to the posture you're in the most, this is why you should be standing and laying down the most. So again, you know, seven and a half, you have this seated lifestyle, you're working, you're going to school, you're doing this, but at the time you get 50 years old man, the spine is adversely impacting, so we got to talk about the spine and how it actually operates. Okay, you have these discs, all right, and the most important thing you need to know is that these discs are a vascular, meaning they don't have blood vessels, bring in the nutrients. They get nutrients based off of compression and decompression changes compression restricts them, 80% gel, all right, this is why I recommend hyaluronic acid as a supplement because the hyalene cartilage is what's there. And so if you're not decompressing and you're compressing for 30 years from school to you're degenerating your spine, you're going to have back problems, you're going to have a tight so as you're going to have your pelvic tilt it forward, you're going to get the misalignment, it's just, it's a, it's a car, it's breaking down like a car breaking down. And so you need to know how these nutrients get to the disc from the vertebrae, let me show you. All right, so you have this hyalene cartilage is called a cartilage inflate, all right, and then you have the verteble bone which is, uh, innovative and then you have the, um, below that you have the disc, the spinal disc. The oxygen and the glucose is diffusing through this plate, so one you have to be hydrated to get that through. This is a facial network right here, you have to be hydrated. Okay, so in order to get these nutrients you have to one move the body to if you have to adjust around your schedule, so you can figure out how I'm going to get more decompression then I'm getting compression from sitting, sitting in cars, et cetera, how am I going to do that? All right, so this is something I'm actually working on myself. I bought and I had a shoulder injury, went completely away, circumstances brought it back, but I understand what's happening now. But here's one exercise that you can do to decompress the spine, literally bar hanging. It's going to strengthen the hands and it's going to decompress the lower part of the spine that's taking that load from sitting all the time. So you can screenshot this and you're going to get a reverse vector with the bar hanging on the lower part of the spine. It's going to relax the so as next the fascia hop or the bounce. This is one that we do and this is going to innovate from the plantar fascia all the way up to the glutes. When you are sitting, you are deactivating your glutes, literally. And so in order to get this compression going in order to get the diffusion across the cartilage barrier, the cartilage plate, get the nutrients, this is an excellent exercise. I recommend doing this two to three times a day for about two minutes, relax breathing, literally just jumping on your toes and staying on the balls of your feet. That is going to decompress your spine and do the opposite of what you're doing every day if you're in school, make your children do it, etc. Next, rebound exercise. Rebound exercise is even used for astronauts when they're in zero gravity. You need to mimic gravity in order to get those spinal discs to get that diffusion going. All right, this helps your lymphatic system as well. It relaxes your nervous system, all of those. So this is another one. And lastly, when you are getting some break time, do the upward facing dog and urges laying down. Laying down the upper facing dog is the reverse of the 90 degrees sitting. And so this is going to get you horizontal, your so as is completely relaxed, you do your deep breathing. You should do deep breathing at least three times a day. In the morning, midday, when you get off from work, your day is coming down. And you can do this upward dog, upper facing dog in order to get slight stretch, which you want to really get the four to six breathing count. Then we put in the flow breathing, ebook guide, get that book, use these techniques. That's five techniques that you can use because you're going to be seated. You're driving in cars, we have a culture where we sit and run. Imagine that, that's feeding industries. All right. So that's all I want to share with y'all. Share these videos, like the page. I am the best scientist on the planet. And I'm going to keep bringing these truths.
