VIDEO_ID: nifiaE_YLgU
TITLE: Trump from an Indigenous Perspective - Civics Tariffs Prophecy
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 1161.0s
TRANSCRIBED: 125.1s processing
============================================================

Peace family, Doc, and the building, and I'm here to talk about Trump from an indigenous perspective, and address civics, tariffs, and prophecy, or predictive sciences. I was watching a cabinet meeting, I was about a 47 minute cabinet meeting, and Trump and various heads of departments. We're talking about the things that they were doing to create the style of government that they thought would be best for the future of this country. And so, I do that all the time, like you'll find me up in the house literally at 3 o'clock in the morning, waking up early. I'll fill in my mind with something that will match what my readings propose is best for me, or just into a bunch of ventures. And so, I'm watching this cabinet meeting, and I'm looking at it like yo, I know exactly what I'm watching, like in time and space and circumstances of human existence. And so, it goes back to my early training in indigenous anthropology, and a part of what I put myself to study was the myth systems and predictive sciences of indigenous people. I'm talking hopey, she, oh my grand, doggone, Egyptian, whatever, that was just back in the early 2000s, that was huge in my study, because I'm figuring out I got this indigenous ancestry, we have this indigenous ancestry. And I'm like, let me look at how they thought, so anyway, the point is, and some people will argue back and forth about this, but it's absolutely true that there's a hopey prophecy about the man in a red hat. And it's associated with a chief during a specific cachina dance, I mean, whatever the word cachina, we know what that means, like really how it's related to cachina, and divination, and kitchen, cachina, that's where you get the etymology word, kitchen, and cooking, cooking was the medicine. Anyway, the point is, our people at various points in a history on this land were able to see the future, and they saw this coming, this great shift that's coming. So the indigenous perspective is a non bias look really academically at the prophecies surrounding this moment, and so that's the perspective that I mean when I say Trump from an indigenous perspective. It's new civic status arising. Y'all lucky, I'm gonna say this, and I've never said this, I don't even know if I want to say it, but I'm gonna say it anyway. Y'all lucky I'm here, because I can help my people in the most practical, progressive and transformational way, understand this moment. And it's just because of about 30 years that I have dedicated to this, all of this that you see us doing the honor, even before I knew honor was about to come about, because honor came later. But the point is that, and during that meeting, and they had heads from the Department of Veterans Affairs, they had Doge in there, they had the heads of the EPA, they had all types of various people in this cabinet, Marco Rubio, and I saw two things that are very unique. I saw a third polarity, and I'm not into astrology at all, but I am into predictive indigenous sciences, so that's why I'm saying a third polarity. You would misname it, Jim and I, which is incorrect. But I saw the sensibility of a business man, who wants good for his country, bring people together in a form of teamwork that has never existed in American politics. And so, they have full confidence in their leadership now, that group of new Republicans, and these people, who are European descendants come here and been here, but Revolutionary Wars, whatever, in an awkward indigenous people, they haven't had this type of leadership since the American Revolution. Since this country was founded, the types of things that are happening with Doge, the fraud, et cetera, it's never been done since the founding of this country. For them, because I'm getting to a point, what you have happening now is a transformational society shift. And so, this Trump versus the deep state is a real thing. So, the style of government of shrinking down government, so that you're not wasting the people's energy, and reinvesting it into the people through entrepreneurialism, business, and allowing the private development of human beings to rule how the society runs. Is, in fact, the highest form of civics that you can operate. It is the highest form of civics, and it is, in fact, what our indigenous ancestors taught their founding fathers. I've already covered that for years. The details, the academics of who was here, who was TD Shonk, who was Chief Tamony, who was Chief Powertun, was the 32 tribe Confederation in the South. Why did they have 13 stars and 13 olive branches and 13 arrows in the circle of 13? And how was that related to Wampum and the Zoltin? And where did they learn this style of government from? Because, the most horrible lives in my home, it taught us that the Republican form of government is closest to what would be a successful thing for us. And now we're seeing indigenous prophecy, predictive sciences unfold. And so, people are getting mad because Trump is cutting off all the fact out of the government, in the sense of downsizing, and, you know, they got a grant over here for $2 billion that Stacey Abrams got from the Environmental Protection Agency, and they got all these NGOs and pass throughs that they're passing money to people through, where they're not doing anything and they're using DEI and other schematics to steal energy from the people. That's essentially the design of the government that was running. Make people entitled, completely dependent, push all of our competition away from making America great again, in the sense of, because I'm really high y'all, people get y'all liberal people, especially black nipples. And I'll go and call me here, cum, you're not understanding what I'm saying. The development of people, purpose and business, go back to your indigenous sciences. Y'all are about to see America great again, but the difference is that the original indigenous people, who fed all of the mechanisms for that original revolution to take place, it's rising too. And so when you hear me start saying, look, I'm talking now to people in honor. Most of y'all don't understand honor from the inside, you understand it from the outside. People who do indigenous psychology homework have to look at the birth of Malcolm X, in the death of Malcolm X and Noble Dr. Ali and Black leaders in Martin Luther King Jr. and look at their indigenous charting and see what are mechanisms for those things to potentially come into existence and get on a high level of social engineering to understand where it comes from, the highest level of social engineering. Not this dumb liberal democratic level of social engineering, where it's robbing people, of the most transformational parts of how societies can get together. So they're cutting all of that fat out. Now the tariffs, got to understand this man is a high level chest player. The purpose of the tariffs is to show who the motherfucking boss is. Like sometimes you got to pop out a show nicks. The purpose of the tariffs is that regardless of what you think about the world, the United States of America is still the most powerful country in the world. And what makes the United States of America the most powerful nation in the world, you're going to don't get upset with being about this because this is just my opinion. Is the black people that work with the white people to originate this whole thing. Those two groups of people. And the intuition of taking advantage of the innate gifts of those two groups of people anywhere. When you guys spend the time, but it is the most powerful nation. And it has everything to do with technology and culture. You'll never have a Michael Jordan in Africa. And I love Africa, Africa is great. You'll never have a Michael Vick. You'll never have a two park. You must understand history to understand why I'm saying that. This place is the most influential place on all levels. But it was losing that. And so now the tariffs are to let the other nations of the world know. We have this interplay with you economically and we're trading a lot of different things. But a lot of our money is making your country, your operation, your business run. You're going to come and make the chips here. All of the global companies that outsource all of the stuff you bring in that back. Or you're going to pay us. Because now we're going to get the wealth regardless to do what our vision is and our vision is. Stim, manufacturing, nationalism, where we build the wealth of people. The United States of America is a jack of diamonds and a king of clubs and eight of hearts. The jack of diamonds is the most savvy entrepreneur in the building. The king of clubs is the most scientific and militaristic operation. And the eight of hearts is the boss of the the feelings and culture of the world. How do I know that about the United States of America? Because my car is the United States of America in reverse. So I know that king of clubs jack of diamonds is eight of hearts. It's about. And that is indigenous science. You might not be into all of that, but that's cool. Back to business. The tariffs are going to show who the boss is. It's going to rebuild domestic infrastructure. And all of the little people who cry in because of their entitled jobs that they had. Where it was a bunch of fake stuff going on. I'm talking the fraud that they're finding is just ridiculous. I might pin that particular meeting inside of the comments here. Just so y'all can see. It's ridiculous. All right. So this is about a new civics. The new civics is the original style of government that we gave these people. They want to implement it. We meeting indigenous people. The Republican form of government was seated from the conservative. Mount building indigenous governments that were on this land. And I went into great detail. Even the three branch government. That's my Roman or Greeceian or that's not European in a sense of minorities. That was taken from the she specifically. The powertrain. Who later were called Delaware. Anyway, they had three branches of government. And the whole design was passed over to Charles Thompson and John Hancock and all of the early followers. Who were interacting who were being initiated by tribes. It gets, it gets very deep on the academic side. And we've recorded all that in books and everything. So this is what I mean. So honor is about to transform. We've been cooking quietly. But how the government is doing contracting. Grants. Again, meritocracy. If you have, if you have a skill set that is bar none. You go cook. And so this separates the fake leadership in the Black community. The online social influences, as I said in the last video. This Trump Indigenous perspective is to show you that with you do a highly technical demographic study of the Black Black experience. Here economically, culturally, et cetera. There is a shift about to come. That's going to be so crazy. It's already been cooking. And the only group of people who are prepared for the 50 next 50 years will be the people who incubate it in honor. I swear. Or something like that. Because it's about network building. It's about specialization. It's about self-governing and autonomy. And yes, you're going to watch us get restitution. You, who are watching other Black people. You're going to watch us because you're not going to get it. And why I say you are not going to get it any one of you who stay out of the Indigenous zone and don't understand your real ancestry. And how we're about to get restitution through this administration. Your children's children will be mad at you. They'll be mad at you. Because there's nothing but advantage. Nobody has asked anybody to be in an uncomfortable position. Like the past thought projects amongst Black people. I call them thought projects because they were some of them were quotes. Some of them were a whole bunch of things. But none of them had to do with self-governance, autonomy, and being about business and family. And that's it. It's about raising leaders up, creating my science. It's crazy. And it's nothing wrong with mythos in Indigenous tradition that applies to your religion. Your spirituality or whatever. But the highest science on the earth, science is on the earth, our biology and government. That's it. Because we got bodies and we got societies that had to come together to interact with one another. And once you get understanding of very efficient ways to run that, then you get excited for this time period. Because the messenger said there would be white people that would help us. All the conformations and all kinds of other. These are the white people. And I'm not making this a racial thing. I'm just saying that these are the white people who are taking back their government. It's all about government now. We're all in different parts of it. But we have the special classification as Indigenous was pushed us in a great position to correct a lot of things that have happened in the past year. And to get our people a restitution. And to do it in a format where our scientists, Indigenous scientists, tribal jurors, etc., have a place in the world. Educators, etc. Midwives, all those things. So I'm excited about what's happening now. I just wanted to come and talk to you all about that. And just keep laying it down as you see things unfold within the next year. And two years. And three years. Specifically with Ireland. And specifically in the United States of America. With fixing this mess, you need to understand the old black American thought project and culture is dying. And what's coming up out of the ashes is all Indigenous. It's all business now. Get your money right.
