VIDEO_ID: nRai8jhZ5yo
TITLE: ARNA Official Orientation Class OVERVIEW
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 3117.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 485.9s processing
============================================================

Please, everybody, Dr. Ali, is here to talk about some updates to orientation processes in the tribe and to answer questions that have been asked mainly over the last two years by certain functions and operations. I am Chief Amarushiy Ali, the founder of the Aboriginal Republic of North America and the Shiyamuru tribal government. And I have multiple hats that I wear inside of the tribe to ensure structural, ministerial, national functions for everybody that is participating as a national or citizen of the tribe. And so today I'm going to talk about Arna and I'm going to talk about the IPA and the different dimensions. This video will help you with your rights and passage exam, entry level exam, that you take just to get a semblance of a what is this cultural revolution of indigenous American identity. Really about and being as though we are the first and at the forefront of the governance structure of tribal government. Then we have a plethora of experience that others don't have. And so you can get some really good direction culturally business wise and many other dimensions. And so let me start by identifying where you should be going to contact us. Because one of the things that you will find unfortunately is that with any new vibrant, trendy, cultural, even business phenomenon. There is the unfortunate automatic presence of scamming. And with that you want to know where to reach, who to contact, are the lines of communication that can be established to protect the integrity of your intent to carry out whatever business or things that you need to carry out. All right, so I'm going to go to our main website and put it up so you guys can see it. This is the Shia Maru tribal government website and on this website. You can carry out any of the major services that you need to as a national and citizen of the Shia Maru tribal government meeting all of these things that you are looking at right here. You can go and do, you can use the about page to learn the basics and fundamentals of how all of this came about what does it mean. You can use the artifacts page to get the absolute social, political, even cultural facts that you need to pass the rights of passage exam and understand how we function. The store has all of the product services courses, all of the interactions, purchases of books, products, etc. Application for nationality, this is where you would actually go to complete putting your data into our database so we can establish communication with you through email list and all of those things. And also a jurist will be appointed to you to walk you through the nationality process so that you can go from where you are now into your indigenous American capacity and learn how to function on the daily basis with many, many, many, many different advantages that you have there. The TV page just post our on a YouTube page, you might see the ghetto scholar YouTube page or some other pages, but the main page is the on a YouTube page. You can type in on YouTube, Amaru Shia Lee, and you're going to see the flag as the logo to go to the page, eight points white star and a black field and you will be able to go there and see orientation videos, etc. If you want to set an appointment for any type of service that you may need, whether it be medical, advisory, whatever it may be, set the appointment and I and myself for another jurist or indigenous doctor someone will get back to you and we'll have the appointment and these appointments on these links will go directly to me. And then I'll either disseminate them or take up the console and that'll be based on the communication base. This one is super important. This is official jurist. I'm going to click on this so you can see it and you can see the jurist by region. If you are doing business with a jurist who is not certified on this list, you are doing business at your own risk. You don't have to choose by region. You can do business with any of these jurists. They are certified. They are their contracts are operational. You can trust them to carry out the service properly and if they don't, you have the ability to put in a jurist complaint and we will rectify and solve those things. All of the fees for what is done in society are publicly transparent. So a jurist cannot say, hey, I'm charging you this mouth and the website says this amount that would be a violation of his or her contract. So we want to keep a culture of transparency of honesty and of efficiency. So that we can continue to grow as a tribal community and take this thing to the level that it needs to be taken to. The level is international recognition of our proper identity as a people national functional interaction with our identity in the public space, not being associated with these. The American Indians who are embarrassing our cause and not either scholastically culturally or have the business etiquette to interact with the greatest society in a meaningful way. And so use those contacts, understand that fee page. You can get the constitution you can read the constitution here. All right, and all the laws the statutes, all right, you can even go to arenahngs.org and look at all of the legislation that is passed. You need to understand the constitution in order to enter the society. And if you are in society to function in society, Aboriginal University, we have a whole website for that. It is private access after registration. Registrations are done through the various stores and other things and we can work our way up to the top of Aboriginal University, which is completing a dissertation. This is what allows for you to go out and teach and really activate your entrepreneurial buttons. And by going through Aboriginal University appropriately, you can start your own university. So everything that we do here is about sharing. Right, so passes. Let me click on this. You have your DOS and your SOS manuals that you can read online. And you have your rights of passports exam that you can take. This is a requirement as you go through your entry. All right. And so business registrations, if you need to register a business, you can register it. You get a complimentary business with your nationality, meaning your first one is free. It is set up as a non-profit or non-profit trust, a 508 C1A. We have seven different types of business registrations really eight, but two of them blend together. So we say seven. And when you click on this page, you can read about those types of business registrations that we do and how to set up your businesses. We are setting up something very unique. We call it self-administered reparations. So an example of this is, if you pay for your nationality, and you pay for your course, all of that can be written off on taxes. Now we don't pay taxes unless we sign up to pay taxes. With the types of business, says that we register for you, you will not have to apply. No report. But in the years where you want to do real estate transactions and other things, you can report. And you can report every year and maintain your tax exemption. It's just that you have to understand the jurors procedures and we have a team of jurors right there before you who can do your taxes for you. And so if you pay for a course, that can be written off because you're donating to one of the various 508 C1A non-profits or non-profit trust. We all use these when we're doing business. This is called a tribal FBO. And so you are going to learn how to operate business structure to reduce your bills, property taxes, sales taxes. So you can keep that money in your home and you're going to learn how to write off whatever you purchase from other nationals because in our circle, it's free. Literally, we just have to understand how the business operations are established and then carry out the basic things like allowing a national who is a certified jurors and who's taking a tax preparation to do your taxes. Wills trust, life insurance, the state's intake form, everyone needs a trust. Everyone gets a trust, established when you complete your nationality. Trust are essentially wills, so we don't necessarily do wills in that sense but we do or will do wills for people who don't understand the trust in a state structure that we do. Alright, everyone needs life insurance. You can get a whole life insurance policy. You can leverage the assets of that. Alright, so that's more for jurors to carry out services. In the genealogy record and aren't genealogists. When you do your nationality paperwork, you have a certification that you are a pre civil ward descendant of black Americans. That is important. If you are not then you belong in the IPA. The IPA is the indigenous political authority that we use for other indigenous peoples throughout the Caribbean and other landmasses. If you are born in the continent of the United States, in our descendant of pre civil war, black Americans, you belong in army. If you are not that, you belong in the IPA. There are minor exceptions to that because we consider a grandfather clause because we've been around for some time. But despite those minor exceptions, which we talk about publicly is not a secret. Yeah, so aren't genealogists can do your genealogy. Okay, where are you from? You from Jamaica, we can do your genealogy. You from other genealogy has been recorded. And then we're also establishing genealogy by keeping records, keeping birth after David's intakes. All of this, when you take a intake, it goes straight to our database on our servers. So now we get to keep that record 15 generations from now. You choose to look back and see our records of today. And we keep public records as well within the United States of America. We're not these sovereign citizen anti people. Like we understand the need of keeping records. So we keep records in the United States and the United States of America's various 50 republics or state corporations. There's the operating, it doesn't matter. We keep in records. And what budgets is just what we spend money on from the collection of do's from the chief executive to the Arnold Joe society to SOS to community operations to whatever it is that we are doing. We keep an annual budget and we post the budget here. Monthly do's hardship form, hardship forms are for people having challenges who can't do their annual do's. And it will do comes that amount of 30 hours a month, 360 dollars a year. And those do allow for us to carry out services for nationals events, whatever is going on. All right. Referendums from nationals. We have a very important referendum. We're proposing this year for the change of the minister of Congress to the SOS DOS Congressional body and referendums are for nationals to make national direct vote on a political issue nationals can present referendums. Referendums can be presented on behalf of nationals to carry out governance and we have some of that going on this year. Passport procedures. Very basic. When you fill out your passport, you now have your indigenous nationality, you're still going to fill out your passport, you still need a U.S. passport. We don't give out iron and passport because we don't have iron embassies in other countries. The purpose of a passport is to protect you in a foreign country in a light of some circumstance or situation going on and so that you can move through that country. So as long as you have your indigenous capacity and nationality fill out a passport to get and keep your passport and get it renewed every 10 years is perfectly fine. You have all of your indigenous American protections and American protection. Copyright. Straight marks and patents are just services and this login right here will go to a social media site just for the tribe which we're completing. So these are all of your links here that you can use to carry out interaction with the main governing body. All right, and so we have other websites. I'll just briefly go through them. I won't go through all the details of them, but I will go through them and these particular ones. All right, Aboriginal University. You can see this one and these have all of the classes contracts in the A's waiver of liabilities dissertation registration. New course work that has been provided. You see, Abbas, she there. Uh, the, um, the, um, the, you see our tribal birth ministry just also recently finished the dissertation. We got, um, just only aggro equal aggro coming up for the late spring. There are a lot of people completing dissertations now. We already had cojo and by doc and others who did the group dissertation with us. Um, so we got lots of people who have completed these things and this entire Aboriginal University website is about their interaction credentialing course work homework reporting. Uh, exam taking all of that. And so we do all of that here and uh, yeah, go to the next website. All right, and we can go to the indigenous political authority website. This website is for all indigenous peoples who are going to participate in our governing structure, who may not be dispossess, specifically descended from continental black Americans pre civil war. All right, but that's fine. You still indigenous. We still going to make sure that we have an international body that protects indigenous peoples globally. That's what the IPA is for And the IPA has all these various services. You can teach you how to start jurisdiction. If you want to start a plebiscite and start a tribal jurisdiction in another geographical location. We can show you or if it's here because everybody has had to be a part of on it. And she on the tribal government or the, um, Yeah, we see. Creep operations that we have. You don't have to be a part of it. You could be a part of something completely different. We will guide you a juris will take you through all of those steps. The constitution for the IPA is an international constitution. You can become affiliate number. We do our political party operations through these vehicles. And so the IPA is very, very important. This is our extended family and you can use this website to understand how those operations work as the indigenous political authority is our United Nations. And this is run by a board of jurors from the Arna jurisdiction. All right. So very, very simple. We got some other websites here. When we come to Aboriginal Medical Association and some of the other business operations that we have in the tribe. I'll just show the website briefly so you can see it. And be familiar because you know you have questions about nutrition and other things here and you can go to these websites and get these questions answered. So you can go through and see all of the wonderful things that we have here as far as education. And of course, we have levels one through four certification with our Aboriginal University Medical Systems. And you can get involved with that and participate and learn about all of the fabulous things that we do in medicine. All right. The 28 minerals that you need in your body. The 16 co-factor vitamins, some of which are homomes like vitamin C and vitamin D 3. All right. And the fact that we can make vitamin D 3 from the sun, but some of us don't know we still have the Gulagin. Yes, we do. Go look up the G U L O P G. No, tell you. Yeah, humans can make vitamin C up to a certain point, but then this went dormant and no, it's not. We could prove this. All right. We have proved it, actually, all right. So we have all types of diagnostics. We do the violence scans, the DNA methylation. This is a whole system of healing that we are returning to our community and all we're saying to our community is Get ready out of greater community because we want to Aboriginal medical association all across the planet in every indigenous zone administering traditional techniques of healing and new events techniques of healing. All right. And so we have those things going on. All right. We got a lot of good stuff here. I'm just going through my notes and I'm saying, wow, this is. This is interesting. All right. So let's go to some other very important things because we have on a contract online family contracts. We have all of this very unique information that you as a student coming in to our jurisdiction will have to learn. For instance, our constitution has 13 units and you need to study that constitution. Even though there's probably going to be some changes to it, the probable only change is that SOS and DOS will become the congressional body over the ministerial congress. We are proposing that with one thing in mind, Arnold will never continue to thrive or survive without a heterosexual family as is basic unit. And we cannot have people who are not a heterosexual relationships operating in governance because they are missing vital factors of development. Also, because of the trend that's very subtle, also very direct in society that is driving a wedge between the heterosexual family unit through manipulation of finances psychology amongst women and women. The way that the curriculums are being steered towards anti heterosexual family. All of this is a converges point to drive people to want to be single, which is the most dangerous thing in thought process that can involve in a society. And so we want to present to our people and opportunity for them to get an orientation into a governing body that requires the most important thing in creation for humans to do, which is a man and woman or a man and women coming together successfully. So that they can provide a governing system, family, so that they can hand down legacy to the next generation in the structure in an efficient way. If we're not doing that then what are we doing? We are salivating in a matrix of confusion, deception and delusion is not highly creative, it's not highly cultural. It's subtly devastating with an apparent level of false freedom. We are against that whole heartedly. And so we have marriage contracts, you have a access to an app that if you are national and good standing, you get access to this app, you can load it to your phone, you can record your monthly fasting, you can record your monthly PT test physical fitness test. You can report a new courtship, a maintenance contract, a marriage, a break of any of those contracts, you can have a complete interactive system of notices of things that are going on that you completed your monthly fast whatever else is going on, you completed it. We have eight regions in Ireland and those eight regions are geographical only. Our goal is to get local jurisdictions started and local jurisdictions can be started by five families or ten people. It is a complete advantage to black Americans to participate in this because the upside is an unlimited progress. The downside is nothing. There's nothing dysfunctional that can happen by us getting together. Knowing our lineage, genealogy and identity, advancing heterosexual, healthy families, becoming entrepreneurial, having a business etiquette and indigenous business culture that we have developed ourselves. No one taught us this. Having a headquarters, in Region 3, headquarters used to be in Region 1 at Shaka Maximum, in Philadelphia, we changed it to Region 3 at land and y'all know how hard it is to get black people to work together, but we're breaking through the barrier putting our resources together. We'll be out on Sunday on the farm showing people how to acquire their land in their farm spaces properly, exuding what it means to be she which is a noble lineage, people of the tree, the tree represents the genealogy. We don't want to be anything like these other people. We want to have an etiquette. We have a dress etiquette in the rise of passage operations, class A, class B, class C, and that's normal dress, suit and tie dress, uniforms. That's for SOS and DOS structure. You have to recite your 12 general orders, which are in both manuals to take charge of this post and all Aboriginal property and view. That's the first general order. What is it telling you? It's telling you we have a culture and so some people don't join Arna, they just join the IPA because they can get all the benefits and tax exemptions and all of those things because they don't want to live by that particular culture. You want to be single, you want to be whatever, just write an IPA. But you can join Arna and be single, you can't, we don't can't make you and be married to join Arna. But if you're going to be on an SOS position and possibly function with passing laws, see the passage is laws of laws as to protect family. That's why we can't have a bunch of single people trying to pass laws. They don't understand yet by taking command of their own life what it is at the highest apex to be human. The highest apex of human is functional family. The 12 general orders there. We have a journal society for a reason to solve problems. You can email the journal society. Arna, let me go to Arna, let me go to the R&JS website. Here we go. Check it out. I didn't show the app stuff yet but you can, that the app is for those in good standing and they already have those. All right, you can go here. In JS members, complaint form, appeal, aboriginal most one. You need to know that. These are the people in the past who have committed crimes. All right, there's a young lady who created a whole she on a republic. She went to court. She lost in court, our courts. She stole $29,000 from us. It's okay. We're not worried about that. We want the people to know who these people are. They're still out here. So we have a fee schedule, case records, friends of the court, basic procedure, the calendar, consultations, acts of parliament, public journal voting and elections with some guidance. So we think, brother by doc and all the brothers and sisters over at NJS for keeping a structured and ordered and let the ability to handle disputes. You're going to have disputes as a people. It happens. It's a part of life. It's just something that is a part of life. So let me remove this. All right, so we have elections every four years. All right, and that is important because we have to. The structure is more important than an individual. All right, you have two houses of government right now. Joe Sidney minister of Congress. We want the minister of Congress to turn to the SOS and DOS Congress. That's it. If that doesn't happen, then we just keep it as it is and function with if if the people vote and say they think that's a better idea than that's a better idea. All right, we have an entire structure and it's about protection. We have an eye in my department who have a national investigation team. I keep those people. Not known. All right, but it's to ensure the moral code is being carried out. We have our own constitution if you get a local jurisdiction local jurisdiction needs their own constitution, but they need a charter first. All right, so we have this plethora of entities that are helping us run things, but the concept is more important. The concept is we need families in place to help institutional building. If your husband or your wife is a jurist and they work with the aren't an Aboriginal law firm, it's their duty to make sure that the national database has the people coming in appropriately. So in the past before we change regulations, we had people running law firms who were not reporting nationals nationals coming up from the indigenous of the North people way back in 2021. Like, hey, I'm not in the national database. Oh, you had a jurist who's not putting you there. And so we got to make sure a local regional and national jurisdiction are operating appropriately. We also got to make sure that we're giving our children private schooling. Now schooling homeschooling, you're using a term legal term that will put you in this particular jurisdiction, private schooling when we ran our school in Philadelphia. I was the principal, it's the private school. It changes how the donation works, it changes the jurisdiction that the children are under when they're doing those things. All right, so we want to make sure that we understand basic legal frameworks. We are working for autonomy. With the ownership of our unreliable government structure, and we're working for a BIA trust fund, restitution, pay to our embassy, confederation of the South, because we were the American Indians, the black folk in the South running everything. I'm talking about the whole systems and structures, the chocolate industry in the South, the marble industry with the quarries with the largest, longest quarry in the world in Alabama. This is how we know we built the White House, because the White House has Alabama marble in it. Excuse me, QS capital. We still had control of it when they said they built it. We know they lied about that, but they said they built it in 1783. We didn't lose the Alabama quarry sites until after the war of 1812, around 1815. How was I getting the marble? All right, so we got to understand that this is telling a whole new story for us. And it's not just historical, it's the legal side of things. If you are an indigenous entrepreneur in the orange jurisdiction, you have 100% labor tax exemption. You get to keep all of your wealth, and we show you how to do that. All right, and we're doing it by a particular type of curriculum study. We have 12 councils in our system because of 12 polarities in nature. 12 systems in the human body. That act alone is showing the order of intelligence that we are doing. People say they love God. You don't love God. You actually follow God. And how you follow God is, you follow God's book. God's book is the universe. I'm talking about the real intelligent creator of all things. We're not talking about someone's rendition or someone's propaganda to make you feel and believe. No, we're talking about this successful orientation with mind over matter and understanding that, oh, wait a minute. This reverence thing for the divine is different. It's supposed to be a part of your culture, not a part of your belief. And so we're doing dissertations. So we can have people teaching who we trust. We study the Zulu Kim science. So we can understand nature. So when you see a deck of cards, and you understand black people love space, you start understanding my and quadration. That's why we love space. Ain't nobody all earth playing space like black people. And at the top of the right, you got the king of space, the eight of diamonds and the king ten of clubs. All behaviors super associated with the history of indigenous peoples. Put in symbol. We are studying the essence of human psychology and the order of operations in the universe. And so this is way beyond a Bible and a Quran with the highest level of respect for those of you who have respect for those orders of knowledge. You need to come into honor. So we can give you the anthropological conversation to show you there's nothing in Egypt or in the east that did not come from the west. Nothing. I'm talking about the study of astronomy. Why they have a serpent in the Bible? And it was important for them to make that evil. House snakes and serpents are related to fear moans. And the ancient sciences in the west. I'm a rule. The constellation that never sets the great serpent the serpent mound. I'm a rule my you, which is the real place where you get the name America from. The Amazon River. That's the largest part of the era of the river is called the I'm a rule. I'm a rule car Latinizing America. So we're studying the poll stars in the universe because we're elevating our minds to understand that if we want to build business and be busy, we really need to understand another type of curriculum and be champions in physics, chemistry, biology, law, politics, business etiquette, whatever it is that we're studying. And we're doing this simply from understanding the orientation of curriculum. We can take you to understanding for elements of nature, fire, air, water and earth and understanding everything in the universe. And then we have people doing dissertations on these things. The other people that believe that trees take up carbon from the soil. Thailand is going to do a dissertation and show you know they get it from the atmosphere. All the carbon in the plant comes from the air. This is a new way to look at photosynthesis. Plants take up water and minerals from the soil. They're not taking up no carbon. When plant is 70% carbon. Other people eat all different kind of ways. Or you got the vegans and the plant-based people. And on that we follow follow food science. We can show you the Dixon Mountain Studies where they had people who were 6 to 8 feet on the lower levels. And then they knew people coming in on the top level and they had like 4 feet tall, a 5 feet tall. And they're trying to figure out why these Native Americans are trying to stop anthropologists inside archaeologists from testing these bones. They had a Native American, the large act, the Eurasian. I'm talking about the pretendings now. But this is back where they are that. They don't even want you to test the bones because it will show we had no lesions on our bones. Superduper dope vitamin D. You know black people of ours in Dinsa. We had all these people 70 feet tall, 80 feet tall. That's your killer little. That's when we were young. So we had a diet where we ate fruit, vegetation, and wild game. And when we ate grains, it was teosette. It wasn't corn yet. It wasn't major. It was the maze, the rice, and the wheat that caused people to get shorter. It affects the growth plates. But these were survival foods. So we know the history. So yeah, we not following fake vegan trends. If we're eating some bison, yeah, we eat animals sometimes. We're not going to overeat it. But we understand our complex genetic structure in history. And we're not going to, you know, change that. We're going to have an etiquette. You don't become a mother before you become a wife. Become a wife first. Then a mother. You're teaching your daughters the wrong way. And when you have a safe structure at home, the home is where the children are learning. If they are passed on to be educated by other people as other people in the tribe. Or something that has value in the community that might not be a part of the tribe that we are recognized as a has value. You're not going to get sex education outside of your home. Your parents are going to teach you that. And if we have a book like the Power Six, that's a part of curriculum material. Okay. That's still inside. We plan our children. So we're not pro choice or a pro life. We plan our children. That is, that is the utmost respect for the child. And for the people who are already present. And so we have all these different ministries, the Ministry of Community Action and Family. Child to brother manual L.B. and his family. They have people in these different and very positions because they are there to enhance services for the community. And so we have to look at what our requirements are. We have some things that are requirements, some things that are not requirements. If you're going to get married. You need to have a counseling session, at least one. With the appropriate. People, which would only be. Community Action and Family or the cosmology department. The people who can guide you through those particular things. When you get married, you have to declare the beginning, whether you're a monogamous or a polygamous. If you're not going to do it later, you're going to declare that. So it's open and communicated at the beginning. You don't have to change your name. You can keep your family name. We've learned different things about the names. If you want to change your name, that's fine. If you don't, you don't have to. That's your family name. These people did not have no certain names. The names at all. All these names are our names. But we do go to the appropriate steps to change our names. We have a tribal court. We make the changes there. We go to their court. We respect their court. And we're doing business in their jurisdiction. So we make the change over there. Now it's uniform. Now you are a national. The aren't. Aren't they? I'm a root type of government. That's your nationality. To be a national is to be a part of a jurisdiction. Not just somewhere. I'm a Aboriginal American. Of what? Well, I'm a more resistant. Of what? Well, I'm a Indian. Of what? I'm a Native American. What are you? So we have to know these things. You're not to know what the Snyder Act is. You've got all these people. Uh, but right. Citizenship. The 14th Amendment has nothing to do with us unless we consent to it. Some having something to do with us. There are other citizenship clauses. We have a citizenship clause with the Indigenous Citizenship Act of 1924 called a Snyder Act. On condition that our tribal rights and property are protected. You violate that. We don't have to honor that kind of check. That's a contract. People say, oh, we just Americans. We know, y'all don't know what y'all are because you don't have the integrity to set up a body of people to study something to all peer review what you're saying. So we have very detailed process. When the national comes in, they get a stack of documents. Seven documents from their jurors. To detail what their operations are. It takes order. And this is what we are presenting to the community. You're going to hand this down to our children. We don't need all of this spooky sovereign citizen. Are you a part of the more sized table of America? This stuff is child's play. They're only two jurisdictions on this land. Tribal governments, Indigenous governments, and the United States of America with a seat of government being the United States in D.C. That's it. Do not play out here. You will get yourself in danger. Unnecessarily. We went through processes to do what we do. We have a plebysite. We understood our bloodline and lineage. We understand the international law park. We have self-identified. We went through these processes to be organized. We're not in democracy. We're not in a republic. In the sense of how they understand it. We're an indigenous government. And so our whole process is to get you to study the website. Look at this video. Look at all these other things. And then get you in a position so that you can be in your purpose. It has to be developed through your hard work. To get you in your family. Everybody wants to be a part of a family. Everybody is most successful. When you're around loyal people that they can trust. We know how difficult it is with relationships and all that. We've been through it. Trust us. But now you have, you're not on an island. Having a relationship on an island puts you in a weird place. Having it in a community takes that weirdness away. It gives you support. You're a wife or a maid or whatever. She's going to talk to sisters who are married. Or are striving to be married now. When she wants advice. Not too bone-question. Your man is not going to be talking to people over here. He's running around doing wild shit. He's talking to a brotherhood who's going to direct him to maintain himself as the guide of his ship. And this is the type of environment that we need. This is the type of environment we'll continue to cultivate. And our education will continue to be the brightest light in the West. And all we're saying is when you come in. Understand on what grounds you're coming in. Understand that the greatest thing that you're offering is yourself. To a group who will now respect the purpose that you're developing for yourself, your family. And then become a part of a community that can gradually slowly build yourself back up. I think people get frustrated when they think about the black experience. And they want this to happen. We need legislation. And we need all of that. Cool. I will get it. I will get it from people who are unstable. And who are not willing to put themselves through their proper initiation to re-enter into their originality to their indigenous mindset. Put no feathers in doing all that stuff that we did in the past. That doesn't. No. We are constantly evolving as a people. And in the year 1512, 2026 on this fake calendar. What we're saying is we're not who we were 500 years ago or 1000 years ago. We are the same lineage. But we have grown. And our jurisdiction is here to solve a problem. And identity problem amongst the people. And we think we have a very, very, very good footing and foundation for that. All we want to do is continue to share that foundation. All right. So I am done with this first part of the orientation. You can use this video, though, to take your rights to pass this exam. There will be more of these communications. Of course, you can go to the other YouTube websites and stay a breast with the social media. And the different things that are going on in the community from the various people. Maybe it shake my family's families or busy doing things, connect with families. And we can make our tribe the best. Thank you for your time. Peace.
