VIDEO_ID: oRotZaCQi30
TITLE: Fruit Only Diets Cause Atrophy
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 598.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 79.9s processing
============================================================

Let's ask the question, do fruit only diets cause muscle and bone atrophy? Yes, they do. I'm speaking from experience. 20 years I went play base. Almost two years, they fruitarian diet. But not like normal people. I was doing diagnostics on myself to learn, to see for myself, to study the anatomy and physiology and the functions. I've been a natural path doctor for 25 years, a bio chemist, certified and conecology, developed a whole healing system for my people. So with almost 27 years of experience and direct study, 25 years of professional experience as a practitioner, I can tell you what the quacky people online won't tell you. And so here's our focus. We want to talk about our topology, my topology and the glimfatic system. And like I said, let's take to the science, insulin, cortisol, glucocorticortes, which number one in the body is cortisol and atrophy, not just muscle atrophy, fascial atrophy, bone atrophy and the evidence in the deterioration of people who try these quack diets. And let me be completely truthful. I was a quack. This is me. My high school weight upon graduation at 17 to go to college at 18 was 198 pounds. I maintained a weight in college between 100 and 99 pounds to 210 pounds. This is me a year and a half ago, 48 years old, excuse me, 49 years old. I'd be 51 in a few weeks. Fit, healthy. This is me all quack diets trying to find what's going on and in severe atrophy. And I've seen it in the other quack teachers who are present. The only difference is I was willing to do diagnostics, to study, to go to school, to take the set of vacations, to deal with evidence, to come to a conclusion about this. So one thing that people would say is, oh, eating meat is not natural. Neither a house is. Neither is the internet. Neither is light in your houses. As a matter of fact, if you want to live naturally and not disturb nature at all, eating fruit is the last thing you want to do because the seeds and it are to grow a new tree, bush or whatever it is. So you're taking away from plants. There was a study done by the CIA that proved that plants do not want to be eaten. Fruit do not want to be eating and I've published that and talked about the back of the studies to show you nothing wants to be eaten. We live in a zone of competition, but if we want to talk about self-similarity, this is a lion's digestive tract and this is ours. We are apex predators. That's what you're not getting through and this is about adaptation, creativity and survival. This is a pandan. Pandas used to be on the voice. They stopped eating all animal flesh and they lost all muscle reflex, fast twitch. The abilities are doing anything, but you and those goddamn bamboo sticks. And pandas are, if you study pandas, the pandas that are in the wild, they were not able to survive. We had to list them several times as endangered species in order to save them because their nutritional profile depreciated their fascia, muscle, bone, so bad, they couldn't hunt. Look at the digestive tract. Which one do you fit? And so let's talk about fruit. Fruit have glucose and fructose. What happens when you eat fruit? Depending on the glycemic index, but you're going to get small to large spikes. Excellent spikes. And the problem with that is that when your body is not getting the amount of protein it needs. Yes, protein, amino acids make up protein. Yes, you need amino acids and you're not going to get them all from carbohydrates. Screenshot it. You're out here juicing and y'all need to know you're taking the cellulose out the fiber which helps you with the digestion. And yes, there are clinical studies. Screenshot it. People suffering severe malnutrition based on fruit only diets. Screenshot it. This is the study. He went in. B12 deficiencies. All types of deficiencies in the study. Screenshot it. What does it say? In our studies, what was the deficiencies he caused by B12 deficiencies? Screenshot it. So this study shows that glucose quarter-coids can cause muscle atrophy. What's the number one glucose quarter-coid in the human body? Quarter-coids. Here you go. So your chronically low amino acid rate is causing cortisol spikes all the time. And those cortisol spikes are energetic. And this is where the fascia comes in at. So the bone we know is pizoroelectric. And we also know the fascia is pizoroelectric. And pizoroelectric deals with load. And once you put a load on a substance and create some type of tension, you can generate electricity depending on the consistency of the load and the chemical matrix of what you're talking about. Connective tissue to out the body. The fascia is touching everything. How do you think the body knows when something is going on in another part of the body? The nerves don't cover everything. The fascia wrap the nerves. And so when you start to see people depreciate, get veneres, your popular teachers, shrink all the way down like I did 40 pounds below my weight. This is a result of what you call atrophy due to glucose quarter-coids. And the number one is cortisol. Your body does not feel safe when your amino acid rate goes down. And so here's insulin. When insulin is present, our topology is not present. My topology is not present. Pink one is going to stay there and the reactive oxygen species is going to accumulate in the mitochondria. It's going to accumulate throughout the cell. So when insulin is present, you can't get ampk. Ampk leads to our topology. Our topology is what cleans yourselves, recycles the amino acids. And from those amino acids, it can create glucose neogenesis. Meaning, I can eat a piece of bison. Before 7 p.m. By 10 p.m. Insulin is all the way down. Ampk is ensuing. Our topology is coming. And our topology now is going to break down all the ways clean up. The glympatic system is going to be activated. The cerebral spinal fluid is going to clean the brain. And guess what? It can make you glucose from that recycled group. If I'm eating fruit all day, I'm spiking insulin and spiking cortisol. Spiking insulin, spiking cortisol, glucocortocortocort, muscle atrophy, bone atrophy, osteoporosis. The point is simple. You need amino acids in order to survive. You are protein in water.
