VIDEO_ID: oSc0Qwc8pWk
TITLE: The Lost Pages of Religion (Islam Christianity & Judaism)
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 569.8s
TRANSCRIBED: 120.9s processing
============================================================

Pishaw. It's about to get hot in the kitchen. It actually should be titled The Lost Pages of Religion. Because what I put in 444 pages is going to absolutely blow your mind. So let's start here because that's an indigenous American. I'm very tired of people saying that Hebrew Israelites were here that the indigenous Americans or Hebrew Israelites Israel Israel Israel Israel. So that's more of like trying to once again commit identity theft. So you know what I did. I went to the Ebbler archives. You need to go because the Ebbler archives has the Ebbler text from Ebbler. Ebbler is a civilization that goes back to about 31 BC and they wrote on clay tablets and everything. And what you find is the word Israel occurs 18 times in the Ebbler online digital archives. So I have a question for all the people who follow the Bible. All the Israelites who are claiming to be a native American of Where did you get the entire concept of Israel from? It had nothing to do with Moses who didn't exist. It had nothing to do with a Bible that didn't exist. And it had nothing to do with an Israelite people that didn't exist. That means whoever wrote the Bible stole it. I had one person trying to argue with me. I don't even know that guy's last name. His first name is Garfield. But this is back in 2017. Check the date. It's 2026. I was trying to tell y'all this a decade ago. Let's go neighbor. Where'd you steal the star from? By the way, this is Sumer. This is the Sarasans in the Crusades. Moveslums. That's quartz in a crystal lattice. And that is what the Sun looks like when it's diffracted through silicon dioxide. Glass. So this star belonged to people in Sumer and to Moveslums. Not to Jews. They stole it. Not from Hebrew Israelites. Not the star David. Let's go further. And not an enemy to anybody's religion. I'm a scholar of history. You ever heard Hebrew Israelites out there? So I'm a scholar. First chapter. First four, two, six. First five. Three. And it's like, I am black. I am black. But commonly. And you think that's talking about a Solomon. Actually, you don't read. That Solomon's wife apologizing in the Bible for being black. Read it. I am black. But commonly. Oh, you daughters of Jerusalem as the Tins of Kiddar as the Curtains of Solomon. Look not upon me because I am black because the Sun have looked upon me. She's apologizing for being black. For having the Sun turned up her melanin in the Bible. Who wrote that? And then you got the word right here. So who are just in case they try to run. So Solomon's wife is black. Apologize for being black. But the Bible says that the prophets were white. Oh, you don't believe me? No belief is required. So Solomon's had this to say. Chapter five, very dead. My beloved is white and ready, which means red. The chief is among 10,000. I'm hardly a racist. I'm a historian. I'm honest one. This is what happens to feel pigment when the inner acts with sunlight. They turn red. So when you hear the concept of a red man, you talk about your Asians with no humellan, with a mutation there. Whoever wrote the Bible said the people look like this or the prophets. I'm just going back. You can read it. Now why is this important? Because as indigenous Americans, if you don't know your history, your linguistics, your real tribes, you're going to fall victim to a group of people who are black Europeans and white Europeans who had a biblical culture who imposed it upon you. It's not that you didn't know the Bible didn't exist before they got here because you did. But it wasn't your book. And ain't no Israelites indigenous Americans. By the way, this stuff hasn't been around for a long time. Read it. It gets deeper. All the indigenous culture had a mother, son, iconography. This is the first time Europeans pictured a mother, son, image. The first time. America and this is America, this is Africa and this is your Asia. And this wasn't Mary and Jesus, that first. Hold on. Yeah. Better thou. Better thou? Mother God or mother of God? Ashes of this. Why did Maria, the wife of Zeus, have the same title as Mary? Better thou. Oh, I study. Keep reading. My point to you is that the Mary and Jesus concept grew out of something else. The biblical narrative needs to be reviewed by you. You're not as academically astute as you think you are. Let me prove it. Your timeline is off. Here you have Saracens attacking Greco Romans from the Basilio Codex. But the problem is there are no ancient Greeks or Romans. These Greeks and Romans are middle-aged slaves. And the Greeks and Romans were black Byzantines who also enslaved them. Go to my Patreon and watch part one and part two of the global white slave trade. Again, this is not about racism. Why people you don't even know your own history. They hit it from you too. There was never an ancient Greece. It was never an ancient Rome. This book proves it. I can go all day long. The Vatican's bibliography is quite, yeah, it's like that. Oh, you want to get real dangerous? And talk about the black Byzantines who helped you write the Bible in order to fight the Saracens? And the people of Islam, I have a question for you. You actually believe that history, that prophet Muhammad, that's given to you is actually real. His rock calendar, Mecca, Medina is all false. I'm not saying this with any level of vitriol. I'm saying this as an educator. And I'm also saying that anybody. And when I say anybody, I mean anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody, anybody that wants to come and have a dialogue on this subject. You're going to be in trouble. You don't even know how you got the year that you're in. This is the year Jesus 548, which you now know as 1548. There was no 1548. There was no 1492. There was no Columbus. This is not sensationalism. My point to you is that the people who live less than 1,000 years ago, they knew where the Jesus concept came from. It had nothing to do with a historical Marian Jesus born Bethlehem 2,000 years ago. Nothing. And by the way, we can go through all of them improved their forged. All of the forgery. Get the book, man.
