VIDEO_ID: sc6I6QZbGrQ
TITLE: Who R the Oldest & Original Americans - The DNA Speaks
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 600.6s
TRANSCRIBED: 95.0s processing
============================================================

All right, we're back to answer the ultimate question, all of this flimflam around genetics, DNA, who are of the original Americans, this is an easy thing to answer when you're honest, direct, and clear. Now, the biggest problem that we're having, especially with the people who look like me, is that they don't read and the innocence of adequate reading and then vet the material properly. So, lots of people believe these people walked across some ice, 15,000 years ago, stayed the entire time, as the population here, Columbus came in the world shifted. That is the given narrative that is a total hoax, it is misinformation, it is inaccurate, and so we got to answer this question and it's an easy one to answer. We're going to deal with Albert Perry and clear the air on that, and we're going to deal with who was here or according to excavations, etc. In case you're wondering why I use these tribes, the MSC are the oldest tribe in the South, and the Cherokee are not even a real tribe, according to their own, most renowned scholar, Charles Renettist Hicks. He talked about the Cherokee, basically attacked the mountain builders to try to destroy their civilization. I always have to refer to the classical civilization in the Americas, the Xi, misnames, omics, Mayans, etc., people give misinformation about their phenotype, etc., and here you have it. Myans don't have a hair like you, yes, they do, actually they do, and this is them depicting themselves, and so the reason why I'm showing this is art, but it's also depicting phenotype, which is genotype, and so the particular genes you need, MC1R, to make that skin color, the copper transport systems in the hair, they don't exist amongst the people you're calling mine today. So if you want to talk about genetics, we have to add in anthropology, we have to add in the witness documents, and we see the locks, we see the kinky hair, and we still ignore it because why, there is a severe hatred, I could go all day on the art, but the art speaks to the phenotype and the genotype. Since we're about to talk about Florida, let's go to what broke up the Clovis stuff anyway. The page last insight located underwater in a killer river near Tallahassee is primary pre Clovis site in Florida dating back approximately 14,500 years. This site contains stone tools and mastodon bones and cutting marks indicating human activity roughly 1,500 years before the Clovis culture, which was previously considered the first in the Americas. This is not matching up with our story, of course it's not. You wrote a story in black Americans destroy your concept of evolution and they also destroy what? The entire matrix of history, because if we were here giving the Egyptian cocaine, hoppy, cacao, before Columbus we had a whole network, a whole world that you don't want to talk about, we know why you don't want to talk about it. Now let me go to the haplogroops in case you don't know what haplogroops are, you have male haplogroops and female haplogroops, female haplogroops are charted through the mitochondrial DNA, male haplogroops are charted by the white chromosomes. You have kind of a tree in a fork and this is my particular rendition of what these groups represent. What the actual groups represent when you measure phenotype phenotype means what do the genes do? They're actually measuring antiquity and fertility. I always bring sources and so when you start dealing with haplogroops into your Asia they're less fertile in evolutionary biology since less fit. So you can look at these and you won't see a, b haplogroops on here. You're going to see d, f, take a screenshot of that. Yeah, this deals with fertility. Who has the most potent ability to stay in existence? Now this is the first article that came out about Albert Perry and of course if you read the article is very clear that he says in here that they did not find a old lineage in in these sub-Saharan African hunter-gather population. Then they tried to say they did. So let's fix that. Perry's genes do not match anybody in camera rooms. Perry was born in Florida. Perry was not a slave. He was born in Florida. I'm going to show you the evidence. So you can stop saying it, but let's kill the genetic thing because now we're going to hold up the torch and say the old is gene pool on earth is in black south eastern North America not from a slave. A, oh, it's sometimes referred to as Perry's Y chromosome, or simply Perry's Y. This previously unknown apple group was discovered in 2012 in the Y chromosome of an African American man who has submitted his DNA to family 3 DNA. He was identified as a descendant of Albert Perry hence the name. Mendez at the L 2013 announced the discovery of this previously unknown apple group for which they proposed to designator a, oh, oh Perry, why would later be re-designated a, oh a after the discovery of a similar but different group from camera room a, oh a is over here in America. Research is later found a, oh, it's possessed by 11 mebo males excuse me if I'm mispronouncing that West Cameron in Bantu out of a sample. Subsequently research suggested that the overall rate of a, oh was even higher amongst the that tribe the tribe samples were later classified as his own subgroup a, oh, oh B. So now I do DNA methylation testing, I do genetic testing, I have elect, DNA electrophoresis machines, PCR machines, all of these things. I understand this subject at a greater level than any of the black geneticists that you have here and we can come in a public and dialogue about it. Here you go, look at the flags, these are Perry's descendants, these are the people in camera room, this is the S&P profile single nucleotide polymorphisms, those mutations. They don't match screenshot, so this is Clyde Perry, he's son, this is his death certificate, he was a farmer, they lived in South Carolina, but where was Albert Perry born? Florida, not South Carolina, in a time when Florida was not even under U.S. jurisdiction, he was born in 1816, some say 1819, regardless of that, the U.S. territory had not be handed back over to the U.S. until the 1820s, Florida became a state, Florida can't stay the 1845, who was in Florida the whole time? The EMSC, the Creek, later they misnamed them to Seminole, this is right post after the war of 1812, 1813, 1814, Andrew Jackson running around, going crazy in Georgia, South Carolina, etc. And you got a bunch of black Indians fighting at the black fort, so not be touched in the Navy, what are y'all talking about that Perry was a slave, you have no proof, here he is on his senses, with all of his children, here he is in the city that I was born in, how were Perry, you know how many Perry's I know, here he is trying to get land back, that they took from him, y'all are done, let's shift speeds and deal with the Dixon Army, and deal with the Dixon miles because I got to tell you something, here is the southeast Dixon is up here, now let me read from this report right here, you see the sources right there, but what does it say, it says researches have identified five major haplogroups and Native Americans, ABCD and X, these are mitochondria, from this report, from extended indigenous populations, all right, so individual sequences, listen to this, outside of these groups were classified as kind of the same, as contamination, and we're omitted for further analysis, they have a policy in genetics, when you see black stuff pop up, that's contamination, something went wrong, throw the shit away, you see the source right there, so the Dixon miles were interesting because they tested 156 of these, but they found out that it was 7,000's a horrible burial, and there was differences, the hunter gather populations were larger, bigger, no bone lesions, no, what's going on, so they did the study and they found out the earlier group had a mixed hunter gather balanced diet, screenshot, they looked at the other group and they found the skeleton since had significant changes because of agriculture, so the people were shorter, with less health, weaker bones, because of corn, wheat, and May survival food, and so the oldest genes in the world are black Americans. And no matter how much proof we bring, they still don't want to admit we are America's first nation.
