VIDEO_ID: t2FOCcOamlY
TITLE: Indigenous Psychology Class 3 Cartomancy & AstroStudies
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 4353.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 399.1s processing
============================================================

Alright, peace everybody. Hope everybody is doing awesome today. Thank you for your patience and waiting for us I was trying to close out the last class so we could get here today. We're here to talk about studying the astronomy of creation in order to rectify and back to how we are reading through the quantum density so that we can set the stage to merge the two properly and then we will get a better understanding of astrology and astronomy in the mid-line which is our system and so today we're going to use the software. It's a free software that you can get off the line. It's called Stellarium, alright and I'll take you to the website. You can use Stellarium for the web here. Let me share my screen and it will help you get through the homework assignment. This is the online version of Stellarium that has its functions. Down here you have all of these little keys which if you turn them on and off like okay now off on I can see the constellations. I can brighten up the actual animals of the constellation by hitting this button on the bottom. Change the landscape. I can take it off so I can see all the other stuff that's down here. This will be your center line right here at zero for the horizon. Alright so you will still know that you can see other things down here like Orion and other things. Alright we'll just have a conversation about that. You can bring that back, bring the grid back, equatorial grid, etc. Night mode, full screen. So I'll be using the actual software from my computer but you can download this or you can just use it online for free. The no problem. Alright so now what are we going to do today? We're going to do some basic things. The first thing we're going to do is establish you know what your polarity is. I think that's super important for the functions of what we're doing here. They were going to use the Larium and we're going to look at the spring econox and see what constellation is on the horizon. That's sunrise. That's going to teach us we're not in the age of a queries. Absolutely not. What is going to teach us is the polarity system that we're about to discuss is primary. It's mathematically correct. It's measure, wise correct and it can put you in a sphere to unite the card system, which the degrees of what we're calling the polarity systems. This so-called zodiac. So that you can now begin to generate charts, which is something that you're going to do in the future and read those charts and charting based on understanding the basics used to be termed astrology. So we're going to be grabbing that information and give you some bases on the grab that information from the Stellarium website so we can get awareness and then we can share the information we need. So I'm going to go to page 140 of your text book for this class then I'll come back to Stellarium. All right so 12 polarities here on page 140 and they give us summary of what that polarity is about. Of course it's more and the reason why these polarities are important is because all of the aspects of your chart, verb chart, are going to have a planet that is in one of these polarities. And so first polarity, polarity of self-enaction, second polarity, polarity of possessions and wealth and resources, third polarity, polarity of communications, thinking, planning, fourth polarity, polarity of the home life, fifth polarity, polarity of creativity, leadership, children, sixth polarity, polarity of health, service, seventh polarity, polarity of law, marriage, partnerships, eighth polarity of death from regeneration, resurrection, extremes, polarity of life, polarity of the mental exploration and freedom, tip polarity, career, organizing and work, and then polarity, rebellion, hopes, friends, unexpected changes, 12 polarity, spiritual, spirituality, religion, belief systems, imagination, creativity, and self-hundering, self-enraveling, crucifixion of self, all of that. Then we come here and we get where they take place at. So first polarity is generally from March 21st to April 21st, second polarity, so you see these. These are where the old constellations are supposed to be. They're not there though. All right, so you get the degree, Francis Gemini, or third polarity from 61 to 90 degrees. There you go, and we keep going. All right, and even have an element for each one of these. But our focus is here on the polarity, and now we want to go to Stellarium to disqualify things in a strategy that are there that are confusing. All right. Oh, should we use the citrills? Should we use the Vedic? Should we use none of those are going to really help you layer by layer get into what we're getting into. And what we're getting into is reading people times circumstances. And we're reading it from a timeless position, meaning we can read the and read the future we can read now. And we can use all three to our advantage. Vantage meaning useful information that is going to help you in practical situations in your life to improve the quality of the experience of your life itself. That's what all this is for. It's for use, proper use. All right. All right, so let's go and let's get to Stellarium. All right, so I have my software up, but I want to do a few things. Let's go to Stellarium and share. All right. So now I'm looking south from where I am. All right, that's Cleveland, Ohio. I could change the position, of course, and orientate it to the position that you're at now. You can change those things. Let me see if I could change that now and put it for Atlanta. One second, so I could change this information. See if they let me change it. See it here immediately. I mean, it's not like we can't use that, but I really want to get to the right location. See if I could change it here. Here we go. Location window. I am not there. I am in Atlanta, Georgia. There we go. All right, should be updated. There we go. Atlanta. All right, so this is me looking south and you can see, has a whole bunch of stuff you can see if I can make this darker. There we go. All right, so you could see the sky and I can turn it around all the way to north and look at what's going on north. All right, and bring back the daytime. So now what I'm going to do is, I'm going to change the time. Meaning, I'm going to go back to March 22nd to see what constellation was rising. In the east, that's what it's rising. You're going to see what constellation was rising in the east on March the 21st. So I'm going backwards here. It's going to go to kind of fast, but that's all right. We're rewinding. So now we're at March the 20th. All right, 11 o'clock at night. So we're going to go to sunrise. Let's go to sunrise. We're going to watch the constellations that are rising over the horizon in the east. When the sun comes up. So right now it's about 3 o'clock in the morning, 3'30, 4'clock, 4'clock, 5'clock, 6'clock. Now the sun is about to come up. I'm going to wait till that sun hits. Wow, that sun is about to hit. Now the sun rise should be at about 7'30. So let's wait for that sun to hit. We're going to look and see what constellation is there. So they have the sun. All right, right there. And now I'm going to make it dark. So you could see. The sun is not in over here anywhere near Aquarius on the spring equinox at sunrise. It's over here in Pisces. However, however, and this is major. Let me take off the sun. All right, we need this to go away. And you won't go away. There we go. You have numbers here, right? And these numbers going on these lines right here, give you the celestial meridian. And this line is the meridian, right here. Venus at this here was exactly on the celestial meridian. All right, these lines are the equatorial, which will take you to Orion at zero. This line is the vertical line. It shows you at spring, what constellations are there. That's important. Aquarius is not there, but 11 polarity is there. And so now we have to be able to calculate the meridian system of the earth and the sun in respect to what's going on in space. It's super important. This spring equinox starts the first polarity. But we have a larger polarity. That polarity is the polarity of the movement of the sun itself around its galactic core. It's broken up into 12 sections as well. Then we have the Virgo Cluster, which is the one that we want to focus on. It's broken up into 12. And so the backdrop of the zodiac means nothing. If you don't understand astronomy and earth movements, this is not the age of Aquarius. You cannot calculate any meaning from that. You can calculate that we can use the polarity system to say, all right, let's cancel that out. Now let's look at slow motion. Because the solar motion is going to tell us where we are in the 25,000 year cycle. In the 25,000 year cycle, it is a real cycle. So this is the discount astronomy. That's astrology. That's what the main thing that I wanted to do there. And as we go through a day, let's go through this day. We're going to see all right. We're going to see that there are all types of things here. But this one right here is Orion. And you'll see this line right here that's running through one of what would be a pyramid on earth. That is the zero point of the sky as far as the equator is concerned. We just got the celestial meridian. Now we get an equatorial meridian, which is right through Orion. Back to our ground. So you can look up in the sky and you can see that at that time. So let's come back to where we are in time and space. The 13 of July. All right, we have the 13th of July. Bring back our daytime. And we can see right now. See what time is it? It should be 14 11. Let's go. All right, a little bit past my time. Let me go back. So this is what the sky looks like right now. If I'm looking south where I'm at Orion is way over there. Let's take the daytime up. I could see Orion. All right, serious is literally right over our heads. If we could see right now. This is what the sky would look like right now. During the daytime, if I'm looking south, we're just looking for my door literally. And so our astronomy gives us the longitudinal latitude of the sky. So we can have it on earth. And then we can start to measure the rhythms of the sky. Where the planets are, how they associate with the orbit of the earth and where everything is and the orbit of the sun and where everything is. So the constellation that was on the horizon was Pisces. They had nothing to do with Aquarius. And so you're going to go through all, if in your homework, you're going to be asked to go use the Larium. Go for the spring equinox to the summer solstice to the fall equinox to the winter solstice and see what constellations are on the horizon. This is going to help you understand how to destroy astrology and astrological concepts. All right. So then you have to go to astro.com. Astro.com is where we about to go and you create a user profile at astro.com. All right. This is the website. You will create a user profile. You will put in your data. And once you put in your data, you will be able to generate a chart and you want to go to extended charts and you want to look at the type of chart that says NATO, transits, and progressions combined. Then you click show the chart after you put in your data. I didn't have to put in my data because my data is already in it. After you get there, you are going to have to find the following things. You are ascended. You are decended. Your son's polarity, your moon's polarity, your mercury polarity, your Venus polarity, your Mars polarity, your Jupiter polarity, your Saturn polarity, your Uranus polarity, your Neptune polarity, your Pluto polarity, your North node, your South node, your chyron, your mid-heaven, and your immoan coily. All 16 you are going to find for your chart. So let's go through it. Alright, let's go through it. My ascendant is 8th polarity. 90 degrees. It's my descendant. Second polarity. 90 degrees. My north note. Zero degrees. 9th polarity. Alright. My south note. Zero degrees. Third polarity. My chyron. 27 degrees. First polarity. Then we can go through my planets. My son. 26 degrees. Third polarity. My moon. 12 degrees. 7th polarity. Mercury. 15 degrees. Third polarity. Venus. 11th degree. 11th degree. 5th polarity. Mars. 20th degree. First polarity. Jupiter. 19th degree. First polarity. Saturn. 18th degree. Fourth polarity. Uranus. 28th degree. 7th polarity. Neptune. 90th degree. 9th polarity. Pluto. 6th degree. 7th polarity. Now I have all 16 aspects. My mid haven. 5th polarity. 11th degree. 5th polarity. 14th degree. 5th polarity. 8th polarity. Right there. 14th degree. 11th polarity. So this is going to tell you what all of your profile is. And the reason why you're learning this for the cardimacy is because each degree is a card. I'm going all around the wheel. Each degree is a card. So now, not only are you finding your planets, but you're finding another card that associates with your planets on this chart. That is going to tell you sun, self. It's always going to be the king of clubs in this system. But then you go to another and it explains the function of that aspect of your psychology and behavior in a deeper level. But you have to get the polarity system down. And in astrology, this is areas. And our system, this is first polarity. In astrology, this is Tars. And our system is second polarity. And astrology, this is Gemini. And our system is third polarity. None of the zodiacs are authority degrees apart. So when you look at a birth chart or any of the femurus, what are you actually looking at? You look at the old polarity system. This will be cancer. Now it's fourth. Again, none of the zodiacs are authority degrees apart. This will be Leo. It's fifth polarity. This will be Virgo. It's six polarity. This will be Libra. It's seven polarity. This will be Scorpio. It's eighth polarity. This would be Sagittarius. It's ninth polarity. This will be Capricorn. It's tenth polarity. This would be Hories. It's eleven polarity. And this would be called Pisces. But it's twelve polarity. And so now again, ascended. Descendant. North note. Which is the exact opposite is the soft note. Chiron. And then you go through your bodies. Sun. Moon. Mercury. Venus. Mars. Jupiter. Saturn. Uranus. Neptune. Pluto. May heaven. Emom Coelet. And what they represent. The home life. The energy in your home and your family. The career. Alright? This. The most transformative or destructive part of your life. The thing that brings you the most stability or instability, your shadow, and then of course we go through all the planets, and we are going to go through all those, and their meanings, all right, but you have to be able to go to ashore.com, put in your data, where you lived, or where you were born, your age, basic information, birth date. If you know your birth time, it gives you your ascendant, and your descendant, and the houses. If you don't, you cannot gather that infirmate, where you can, but it's a little bit more difficult to gather that information. All right, then we're going to go back to your book, pages 101 through 112, and 115 to 119. Let's go there. And what this does is it shows the ancestors, but it shows the polarity that they rule over, which will give you the element. For instance, we can find an element, general element, energy for each one of your planets, and this is how we would do it. Start at page 100. This is the sun, and it's rule by fifth polarity. Fifth polarity is what element. It's fire, and we go to the moon, second polarity. Excuse me, moon, fourth polarity, which is cancer. All right, what element rules? Cancer. How do we determine that? It's hearts, or water. You can use the body systems to have a better understanding of that. You can use a number of things, but fourth polarity is water. Each one of these 12 polarity is going to be earth, water, air, or fire. Third polarity is what? Air. Six polarity is what? Earth. Second polarity. Earth. Seven polarity. Air. Nine polarity. Fire. And so we can go through the elements again, because they're all here. And after you find your birthcard and all that essential information, excuse me, go back to the right chart. You want a second? Go back to the right chart and here you go. Same thing. First polarity. Fire. Second polarity. Earth. Third polarity. Air. Fourth polarity. Water. Fifth polarity. Fire. Six polarity. Earth. Seven polarity. Air. Eight polarity. Water. Nine polarity. Fire. Ten polarity. Earth. Then third polarity. Air. 12 polarity. Water. You got your element, and why does that become important? That becomes important, because we want to know what your ascended, decended, sun, moon, mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto, Norfolk, South, No, Cairo, Midhaven, and Moon. We want to know what element rules them, because that is going to give you the perceptive ability to understand what energy is situated in and how it should better function. If my ascended is an eighth polarity, that's water. And so that goes to show all things that deal with hearts, or water, are great transformation for me. Or I can drown in them, because that's what your ascended is. My sun is in air. I need to be reading, studying, planning, feeding the mind, and then it progresses, so my progress sun is under fire. So I got air at the core and fire around it. And so what does that fire tell me I need to be doing? I need to be in isolation with high energy and leadership capacity, grooming, and grooming children for leadership. Leo represents grooming children for leadership. Then I have a Venus there. My Mercury is in Gemini. I am a writer. I am going to write. I am going to do music. I am going to do production. Music production beats. I am learning to play guitar. I have written about 40 books. Writing is going to be there. It is in my Mercury is in air. My Mars is in fire. First polarity, conjunct with my Jupiter. My growth and my actions are self-initiated pioneer energy. First polarity. Cardinal. Getting things started. It's situated in fire. It is active. I will do it alone. It doesn't mean I have to. It also means that essentially a great part of what I do has to be in isolation in order to help the group. I learned that first when I was 32 years old and I said, look, oh man. 33 actually. Look. I had three children at the time. The 31 was about to be born. I had two wives. I was like, look. We got separate houses, right? And I am going between the houses. I have to have a separate house for myself in order to function based on my chart. I understood that at 33 years old. Ever since that time, I implemented that. I had a short step where I took away from that and it caused chaos. Because I was passed my Saturn return. I knew the lesson already and I allowed for someone else's opinion to override my chart. Danger. So we have to situate each one of these in one of these polarities and understand the element. Once you put that up chart, then we're going to look at the degree. Once we look at the degree, we can go to page two 18 of your book, two 19, two 19 of your book. And we can look at what card is on what degree. For instance, my Mars and Jupiter at 19 and 20 degrees. Now we will read the card before and after each card. So if I'm 19, I'll read 18 and 20. If I'm 20, I'll read 19 and 21. Look at where my Mars and Jupiter are. They are from literally the 10 of diamonds to the king of diamonds. My Mars and Jupiter in air is how I build wealth and it's all the royal family of diamonds. From the lottery card to the royal pantheon of resources. When my Mars and I learned this too, I've learned this now. When my Mars and Jupiter energy from my birth chart and progress, it's immediately impacts my finances. Because that Mars and Jupiter is the isolation energy that I use in my maturation phase in order to grow wealth for myself and others. It doesn't mean I don't have interaction. It just means that I have to have that place. So that's the difference between me being able to go to Philly or wherever and be with my family, but then retreat back to a location where I can go back to work. That is a formula for me. It doesn't mean that's everybody's formula. It just means that you have to know your birth chart and your progress charts. And this is how you learn them. You don't learn them the other way that they're teaching them. You learn the polarities. You learn the planets. You learn the 16 aspects from ascended all the amount of immaculate. You learn what polarity they're understood. You understand the element. Then you attach a card to them. And by attaching a card to them, you have now given yourself all the elements to begin reading professionally for use. You know environments because the cards and the 16 aspects and the cards are only representative of your psychology and innate instinctual behavioural mechanism. And so now you need to know where to place that for success. So this homework is about using the Larium to understand and astrology is fake. Then we understand what is based on. Now that we go back to an affimorous and we can pull open the affimorous now, we have to bring the cardimacy back in and add in the natural law system that we're talking about the elements and the polarities. Because now we're going to look at these planets like and for what they are. And what are they? Let's show you. I'm going to use something from, I might have it here. If I don't have it here, I'll pull it from the health book. Pretty sure I have it here. So we got the heart. You've got the what these represent, the elements. Hearts, relationship, environments, feelings, close family, social relaxed, clubs, the mind, communication, thinking, social, energetic planning, diamonds, money, assets, property, values, isolation, relaxed environments. Space, only fire, work, and labor, health, isolation, and energetic environments. So you learn those things. And of course you learn with these numbers represent. All right, super important. And then we go to, only get the right thing out. Let me make sure. All right. So we're going to do your readings. Yeah, I need to pull this one from the health book. One second, over the health book. Progression is one degree from when you're born. I'm 50. So for this and you're only doing this for the interplanet. So progression is found. I was on the 26th degree born on 26th degree of third polarity. I would count 50 degrees from there. So I would forward degrees with closed third polarity. I'm on a fourth polarity, which is 30 degrees. When I was 34, I was closing my fourth polarity. Now I'm on my fifth polarity. And I am 16 degrees into fifth polarity, which is where my son will be and I'll pull it up to show you. But I want to show this first from the Amma Health textbook. Just so people can get this information in one second. Page 73, we're just going over this in our earlier class. All right, but you learn key words for the polarities. All right. So first polarity, the persistors yourself. Second polarity, the builders, possessions, third polarity, the thinkers, communication and intelligence. Fourth polarity, the fielders, family and community, fifth polarity, the executors, creativity and culture, sixth polarity, the analyzer, health and service, seventh polarity, the balance serves, law, marriage relationships, eighth polarity, the desires, beginnings and endings, investigations, ninth polarity, the seers, education and mental ascension, tenth polarity, the users, organization and management, eleven polarity, the knowers, social, world, aspirations and technology, twelve polarity, the believers, secrets, self-indoing, spirituality, creativity, you get all of those. And then you go to the planets. And they, excuse me, the elements, they have conditions. So if you're, if your Mercury is in a fire sign like Sagittarius, it is best used in an environment that is energetic and solitary, as opposed to a Mercury in Gemini, like mine, it's an air sign, so it's energetic and very social. It shows you how to use the planet in a polarity according to its elemental function. Then you go to the planets themselves, sun, self, moon, emotion, mercury, communication, Venus love, Mars action, Jupiter expansion and growth, Saturn, law, calls an effect. Uranus revolution, sudden change, it's Neptune, the imagination, creativity, Pluto transformation, and you can use these in order to understand more about the polarities and the planets. Are they masculine or are they feminine? Let's look at it. Sun, masculine, moon, feminine, Mercury, masculine, Venus, feminine, Mars, masculine, Jupiter, masculine, Saturn, feminine, Uranus, masculine, Neptune, feminine, Pluto, feminine, the tells you, the elements, fire, masculine, air, masculine, water, feminine, earth, feminine. And I like to add to the elements that air is double masculine, and water is double feminine. Water, air signs are the essential assertive energies. So if you are a woman, but you have air sign, it doesn't mean you're masculine. This means you have a lot of assertive energy. You can use that to assert and create things. Water, the water is double, feminine, intuitive, powers, feelings. Don't go to a water sign so you're feeling too much. Are you crazy? They're supposed to. Or the aspect in which your planet is, your Mercury might be in a water sign. You are supposed to feel, but you're supposed to build that feeling upon a system of discipline. It turns into intuition. Fire is masculine with a feminine touch. Are you? It's feminine with a masculine touch. So learning those is super important. Then you learn Cardinal Fixed Immutable, which shows you your learning styles and your behavioral styles. So you find the rulerships. This page is just really important because it breaks down so much stuff in two pages. You can write a whole book using this. So let's go back to progression because I want to show you out of fine progression. That question was asked. Go back to my chart. Here we go. And you see my son right here. At 26 degrees, 30 polarity. If I'm 50 years old, so it's all the way up here. I mean, you have this line here. This representing a gauge range, but yeah, I'm all the way up here, which is 16th degree. And so my energy is Leo. Wrap the round. A third polarity intrinsic energy. All right. So if you understand what we're saying here, we've diverted away from the cards for a minute, but now we're coming right back to it. And so you can use my chart as the perfect example. If I wanted to look at any one of these degrees, I just go find them and it tells me more about the card. If I have a, uh, uh, so let's still try here at 11 degrees Leo, that's a powerful energy. I need to be able to go to my polarity system. Which I can't. And I'm going to do right now. And show myself what the level of polarity of, um, Leo is because that's, that is power for me. It also represents a day. All right. So let's say I was planning some big event. Then, planning on that day would make it for nominal. All right. So let's look at it. Let's look at it. Let's answer that question right now. Because each degree is a card. So if I go to fifth polarity, I go to the 11th degree. Look where it's that 10 of diamonds, which means women and children, right, are at the apex of a fire trying in my chart. We're not going over all the aspects right now, but you'll learn you know, but you are going to learn card to a planet ratio. And so this is my Venus. Look at that. That is jackpot. But that's how I built my wife. You know, um, all of what we see coming up, kind of my will are not came out of my family. The children and the women, all of it. The experience, the being able to read, learning all this stuff, that's where it came from. And so you can look at your chart, and see those particular things. Like it's there. It's literally there. All right. It's literally there. Those are not progressions. Those are our, those are our transit. So let me go back to it. The progressions are we're green. The red is not progressions. The red is transits. For instance, Uranus just went into Gemini. That's where the planets are right now. All right. Jupiter. Neptune, Saturn. My north note, these are the transiting energies. So these are transits. Transits. Transits of the outside planets. You see it right down here. You go to it. You look at Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus. You get the transit. So you got NATO, progressed, transits. All right. So you got your homework. Your homework is very simple. You're going to use the Larium to do your homework. You're going to use your homework textbook to do your homework. You're going to find your ascendant and all 16 all the way to your meme coil. Then once you've got what polarity is in, you're going to give it an element. All right. And then you're going to give each planet a card. And once you've done that, you have an outline for your entire psychology. Using all of these elemental factors of how we do bio cosmology. And then you're on your way to the next class because this is going to merge things together. So questions, if there are more questions, I will answer them. Questions, questions, questions, questions, questions, energies of the planets. Sun, masculine. Moon, feminine. Mercury. Mercury has a masculine feminine too because it rules two planets. But the primary is masculine with third polarity. It rules six polarity too. So it has a feminine energy to it. So Mercury can go both ways. Venus also starts feminine, right? But it has a little masculine tense because it rules labor two. So it rules tasks and labor. So you got a feminine but slightly masculine. But even the masculine part of labor is very feminine. That's why you have that tinge to it. That's why when you look at Mercury, it's more masculine. It has a slightly feminine tense too. Mars, masculine, Jupiter, masculine, Saturn, feminine, Uranus, masculine, Neptune, feminine, Pluto, feminine. And this is based on the polarity which it rules. You're going to see, I showed the chart when you go back and watch the class. Each one of them has a polarity. And that's how you determine that masculine feminine circuit. What's the difference between transits and progressions? Transits are where the planets are right now. You can go up, look at the femurus, look at them and that's where they are now. Progressions are your age and how your NATO birth chart planets progress based on your age. So they only move by age. So on 50 after count the sun, 50 degrees from where it was while it was born. Boom, I'm going to get into Leo or 50th polarity from 30th polarity. So in Stilarium, when looking at the planets and constellations and longitudinal and latitude, does that relate to the literal grid you can see in the sky sometimes? It's possible. It depends on which one you're seeing. Depending on when you might using shrumes, you might see a different type of grid. It might be hexagonal or octagonal. That's all no. I would say no. It doesn't necessarily apply just to the longitudinal latitude. What you're seeing when you see that is more of the interaction between the sun and the earth. And as that radiating energy is transferred to communicating to the earth's atmosphere, you're looking at the shape that actually represents the sun and there are two, which are usually the hexagon and the octagon. But I mean it could be some other stuff that I have an example. I've seen the grid that you talk about, that's what I see. I don't see lines. I see the shapes connected in like a puzzle. But you have the share, you have the share, you're experienced to maybe somebody here has had that similar experience. But if I haven't, you know, we can study it. Do you have an intelligent that help with deep sleep, lucid dreaming, or recall? The Hoppe Lotus helps with more restful sleep, but more of the dream side. If you just want the sleep, then the zone CBD, which is a tincture, the CBD tincture we have, that's just generally for sleep and calming the mind. The Hoppe Lotus can do the same thing, calming the mind, relax the mind, but the dreams will definitely be picked up more. If you want to increase dreams, you can get vitamin B6 as a plant-based supplement and take it more often, and your dreams will increase. How does a Mercury and Leo, or can the balance itself out in the 12 polarity? As that question, a different way, because Mercury and Leo means it's in the fifth polarity. It's not in the 12 polarity. How did it get in the 12 polarity? You mean 12 house? The houses are not the polarities. That must be understood. Polarities and houses are not the same thing. So if it's a Mercury and Leo in the 12 house, then you're dealing with Mercury and fire, and it's in that creative, you know, the Neptune gets basically out there. Imagine it too, sometimes delusional. But if your Mercury is in Leo, then your mind is cater towards stepping out, being in command, and taking charge of things that need to be taken charge of as far as planning and doing those things. But if it's in the 12, you've just got to make sure you're dispensing it in a creative way that is grounded. 12 house usually has problems when it's imagination and creativity are not rooted in values. You've got a balance that we've values in and writing things out to follow. So yeah, it's kind of like that. Look at what are the detriment of anything. What's the detriment of Mercury? What's the detriment of Leo? What's the detriment of 12 polarity? Add that up. You've got it all in the sandwich. The houses are the sections of 12 that are set based on the ascendant. Houses are based on the ascendant. So my ascendant, let's go back to it. You can see it. My ascendant is right here. Hc. It there. Whoops. My ascendant is right here. It starts at 90 degrees and it goes to 90 degrees here. So this is my first house. So you see my north-node is in my first house. It's about 21 degrees. This is in my second polarity though. So these are the houses. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve. They start based on the ascendant. The polarity start over here with first polarity, second polarity, third, fourth, like that. All year round to 12. So the houses are started by your ascendant. This is what you need your birthday to be able to shape houses. Oh, you saw the squares one time? Hey, which enters in where you're using when you saw the squares? Okay. Any more questions? Before we get up out there, you have all the information that you need to do your homework. Oh, yeah, it's rooms? Hmm, interesting. I never saw the squares, but I mean, that is relevant. We just got to figure out, you know, what type of relevancy it has. It's definitely relevant though. Definitely relevant. All right. If we don't have any more questions then, I'm just going to call it a day. We have the information to do our homework. We will be back next week for our fourth class. After our fourth class, we will have an exam. Some of you will continue on to level two. Some of you will not. But when we do think things you will be included. If there are no more questions, we're done. If you have a question, you can send it to the text line 267257503. Again, that's 267257503 and you can ask any questions. If you send it to the email, I will answer them. The questions on the text line get answered faster. All right. We are done for the day. Thank you for your time. Today, brothers and sisters and I will talk to you all soon.
