VIDEO_ID: UC4WRCXjtlU
TITLE: Black Americans Built all American Cities - Aboriginal American Renaissance
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 600.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 66.6s processing
============================================================

Peace out everybody chief in the building and I'm coming to talk about some of our Aboriginal history in America To solidify it. There's a lot of talk about Tartea and Where the cities already here and What was ancient America actually like versus what we've been taught? And so the videos are all online, but they need a synthesis. They need some scholastic Grounding to them. And so what I have here is a 1546 map and it was done by the French But what I want to prove one is that these These these these theories that there were already cities here are absolutely true That the explorers saw them and after some time this information had to be suppressed So when we're looking at the earlier maps, we can see some of these things All right first let's do the scholarship All right the biotech national the France British library biotech Stints and a hunting to library. These are all the places where you can find Pierre the Scaliers 1546 map that I'm showing now I'm circling this one pretty in particular because when you read the annals of Hernandez of the Socho, I put this in the book. They lied about the slave trade He describes Moville where chief Tuscaloosa is and he describes it as being a fortified city of 80 buildings that can hold 1,000 Persons in each building That's 80,000 people in the city and this is Moville right here in the south. You see Florida here Georgia would be over here and this is Alabama and you see what do you see you see what we would describe as Romanesque architecture It's not though. You also see in the annals of Hernandez Hernandez the Socho that he stated that Tuscaloosa had a flag Like the Knights of St. John's of Rose was in the form of a cross It was a native though, but this was these were cities that were here and These people are known today as black Americans But it's important to show you this in the map because the explorers are the witnesses to the fact and these are all over this map That there were cities here. We already talked about Chicago and other ones This is Moville right here, right? And you see the Spanish flags here that the French place because of course these are invaders and they are The maps are written in their perception, but this is Moville This is a larger view of the map. You can see they map south America as well as North America and besides Moville You see all of the other cities in the north east Midwest Chicago These are all look at how they are depicted fortress cities Here's a close-up of it so you can see it now I want to get to something Significant about Washington DC Washington DC is right here and at the time it was called Norm Bega the North Bay is another picture of it now. How we know this is Washington DC is Because of the Chesapeake Bay, we're going to show you this name of close and how the rivers split into this wide formation is Another depiction of Norm Bega, which we are saying is Washington DC So to confirm it, you see here Chesapeake Sinus Chesapeake is an indigenous word. It's Chesapeake And so what you have here is the Chesapeake Bay and Washington DC Here's another depiction. This is from the oldest Masonic Hall in Philadelphia When our brothers got this photo years ago, they taken this photo down, but you can see again, right here the split and Washington DC sits right in that area There's a modern map, so you can see it. So you see in Norm Bega they have the castles right here or The structures one second Okay, here we have it Norm Bega is a legendary settlement in Northeastern North America Which was featured on many early maps from the 16th century until further European colonization of the region It was alleged that the houses had pillars of gold and the inhabitants carried courts of pearls on their head. All right, let's go further. The story of David Ingram who was a sailor He was shipwreck in Mexicana and he came all the way up the East Coast of the United States or what would become the United States What did he saw he see he saw King's decorated with ruby six inches long and they were born on chairs of silver and crystal adorned with precious stones He saw pearls as common as pebbles and the natives were laden down by their ornaments of gold and silver the city of Bega That's Northern Bay Was three quarters of a mile long and had many streets wider than those of London Some houses had massive pillars of crystal and silver silver Now in case people want to keep arguing with us about this we've written books on this we know who the captives were and we know who the people who ruled this land This is from Codex, Mendova, so I'm using the same period 1540 to show you who was in power in the Americas. This is North America Cat table Now for clarity to prove that the five dollar Indians were nowhere near these cities We have an area call any on any on any on is what would be Seattle, Oregon and And the western parts of Canada leading up to Alaska and so they talk about this region, but look at what they said about it Here you have all of this Latin script and then you have this little section talking about Any on what does this say? Here it is can you read it? This is for all you tartarian implants. I have told you that people who are pushing the tartarian narrative are trying to rob American aboriginals and moors of The history of them building these cities and being these people. I'm gonna read this in Latin So you know what this says I room Regenium, indigene, more tautarium, cauterium in all of that. Look at what it says the natives of these regions Any on in the manner of the tartars live together in groups in tents Having no cities Tints as in TPs So y'all will up at Alaska up in western Canada ARTPs living in none of these cities where we were dripped down in jewelry large castles and buildings What we're trying to tell you is that history is documented. It's just that is being reconstructed in your mind and The pseudo material has been handed to you in your curriculums and these maps are important Who's gonna sell a map for 27,500 dollars? What's in it? So when you start thinking about old America Even a concept of a cathedral cathedral is a cathode if you understand Electricity the cathode is the full-compoint for the electricity. It's the cold point. The anode is the heat And we know who L is light So a cathedral is what holy water crystals Magnets Bells acoustics This is all us. This is all our history So when you see this old architecture know who built it? The Europeans when they first came here put it on the maps and they showed you that these cities were all ready here Didn't know TP dwell in five dollar Indians build this stuff No one else was here and as I showed y'all here you have American avariginals Arresting Winchester. This is during the war of 1812. I told y'all Nurem Vega is Washington DC and it was already buildings there before white people got there and before five dollar Indians got there Who built them y'all think the White House is new the White House is Casa Blanca Which is the Temple of Luxor It's anonymous with them Casa Blanca is in what became alamacac alamagree in West Africa and the Temple of Luxor is in Egypt both colonies of America So when you say the White House these people aren't white these pale people and have nothing to do with the light That's you Walking around in white turbines and white dress because of what that represents this right here is the history Look at what we did to these people. This is 1812 where are the five dollar Indians?
