VIDEO_ID: WtEH7HL3_Ts
TITLE: Part 2 Who was in the Caves - The Bible is an Academic Walmart
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 600.9s
TRANSCRIBED: 84.9s processing
============================================================

I thought y'all was coming back. Part two, who was in the caves? The Bible equals the academic Walmart. We're going to get straight to the point. I've done two documentaries on this. I'm going to release part two of the white slave trade. The importance of the conversation is not to put any particular people down to making my film any particular way, even if they too. This is history. This is academic scholarship. What we're talking about is the falsification of history carried out by particular groups of people. And there was an entire tradition of recording these wild men and women. What we would consider to be hominids or neanderthals that existed in Europe and Asia during this time period. And so the people who we're calling Europeans, they don't have the histories that you believe that they have. There was no ancient Rome for them. There was no ancient Greece. There were locked up bottleneck in a particular part of the planet on the eastern. Excuse me. Yeah, eastern side of the Caspian Sea up in the European step. In our last video, we talked about the Wall of Gargon. The wall is talking about it in a caron that was built bare by the sassanage to keep them there. And the Great Wall of China. You're calling the Great Wall of China is the Wall of Cathay. And so they don't have the history. So asking who comes from caves is asking the question academically. Who was there? I'm going to start it off with genetics to prove my point. Okay. You see it here. Take a screenshot. A 2013 study published by PLOS. Biology by researchers at UC Davis found that all living Europeans are remarkably close genetic relatives sharing a set of common ancestors who lived as recently as 1,000 years ago. The study concluded that any one alive, 1,000 years ago, who left the scientists is likely in ancestor of all living Europeans today. Based on shared segments of DNA regardless of geographical distance, and they took the DNA from Britain all the way over into Asia. The only populations that really differed were the Italians. And we know why. You often move away. Mulling Ishmael, Muller Ishid, That's the Morish. Yeah. Mr. Junation. Just to show you that it went mainstream in BC at the study. And this is the actual study by Ralph and Cook, where you can look up, go study yourself, and you can see it. screenshot. Okay. Well, what does the study have to do with the conversation? Everything. They were in the same location bottlenecked up to a thousand years ago. They came out and about 200 years after you see all of these books start coming out. Torres, Bibles, reconstructions of history, orders of monks who are rewriting history literally. And we've talked about in the last video. And so beyond a thousand years ago, there weren't no pale people walking around the planet doing anything. Now we talk about where they actually come from, how they got into hominid state, how we helped them and how they got to looking like they got today. That's a whole another conversation. It's written down. Just because you don't know the books, trust me. I got 30 years in on the subject. I know all the books. I have the books. Let's talk about these things. They're not all in English. So let's calm down a little bit because what I'm saying to you is there was no ancient Greece for pale people. These monuments and stuff that you see, you can have a thousand year old building and they carved out some stuff 200 years ago on marble statue put it in front of the thousand year old building and you think tardarians were white. So the confusion is masked because you don't have an ordered methodology of study and we about to show you and break down who was in the caves. Just for your edification, this is Mary Magdalene when they came out all of their heroes while men and women were in the end of those. You can see the source at the bottom right there. Even there Adam and Eve pictures. You see the source at the bottom and they got the castle in the background. Do you think they built the castle? The castle is already there. This is an actual European piece of art from the 1600's. Where were they? Where were they? Where were they? Look at this. They knew about it and it's not oh, they still popping out like this. I always give you books to talk about. Okay, where were the wild men talked about? Here's one. Okay, quick reminder, worldwide slavery, Balkan slave trade, Venetian slave trade, Black Sea slave trade, Barbary slave trade, all these slave trades were slave trades of these people. This is the Temple of Warriors. 922,000 AD. They were being shipped all across the planet as slaves but locked up into one area. We can go all day. This is America. It's great shot. You're wondering how redheads and blonde people and did we have white Indians? No, these were the descendants of slaves. I clearly go all day. And they've been changing identities. And so every culture knew who they were. This is the Velara. The Ramayana and the Mahabharata talk about the group of, they would look like us but then they devolved after a war. He's carrying a sacred mountain. They're home. I mean, it's literally in stone in all over the earth. How many it's recent? So now the Sarasans or the Moors, whatever you want to call them, Muslims, they become because they were writers and they were interacting with the agents who we call. The Tartary, et cetera. Go look up Genghis Khan. Sarasans ran this whole business administration. But here you have the first human beings were formed from a black illuminating substance. And then in the same book, they said that some people were transformed into homeraps, kidaditum, kidadapt. These are, yeah, that family. So it's not evolution. If something that happens to people when there are circumstances in an environment to cause that degeneration. So plenty was the first one, plenty the elder was the first one that mentioned the wild man. But they put him in the wrong time period. 79 AD, you can see that his books weren't even being published until the 1500s. So plenty was a black Byzantine Roman. If he existed. And they're not Yiddish. They're Zidd. And Zidd is a slur for these people. I showed you in the last video, this was the people that were said to be locked in this mountain. It's no Yiddish. It's Ziddish. It's a slur for the same area. So we're getting it to where they were from. This is Ashina's people. And Ashina is a part of the myth of the She-Wolf and the 10 descendants. This is where Ashina was from. Look at it. She is in the Quran. It's in the Maya literature. What was going on? So when you see Abraham in the 400 years history, they stole that for the Ergun Khan legend of the Turks. So you see it? She gave birth to 10 sons, the 10 lost tribes of Israel. No, they stole it from these people's tradition. Rome, the She-Wolf. They stole it. The Bible is an academic Walmart. They stole all the stories, put it into the Bible. They were locked up in the caves. And they only been out for a thousand years. I'm going to have to come over to Patreon to get these truths because the world as you know it never exists.
