VIDEO_ID: X7ACCx5bBjE
TITLE: AMA Doctors Class 4 Mutation Sciences & BioCosmology
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 0.99)
DURATION: 5519.7s
TRANSCRIBED: 671.0s processing
============================================================

Alright, peace everybody. Welcome to another phase one. I'm a doctor's health class. Today we're going to continue our conversation on using birth charts to do diagnostics. And we're going to build off what we did the last three weeks in this class so that we can complete homework number five. homeworks number three and four were united together in one homework. So this will... Let me make sure. Before I take you on this, this should be your last homework before you're assigned me your exam. Here it is. Okay. And we're going to do a summary today. Let's just let these folks come on in class. Give them about another minute before we get started. Alright, let's jump right into our discussion. We're going to do a quick review. And we're going to write in. Alright, why are we here? We're here to help folks heal. And in order to do that, we have to understand something so simple. And once we get it, we will never, ever, ever need to be taught this again. Alright. And here is this simplicity. Why are we here? We're here to help people heal. How are we going to do that? Proper knowledge. Let's go in on it that. This is what we need to know. We need to know what is the cause of disease. Biologically and epigenetically. Let's deal with the biologics first. Because this takes us into why we went through class one. With basic anatomy and physiology. Why we went through class two with indigenous body diagnostics and examination. Why in class three and four. We went through the beginnings of birth chart discussion and why we are here today. Health is easy to understand. Disease is cause when cells lose memory. We went through that. Cells have something called DNA in it. And when those cells lose functional memory, they start having problems. And the way that that happens is the cell membrane must be compromised by something. They have four types of receptors on the cell. And one of those four receptors is what you call a diffusion receptor. That's fats, nanolipids, where something can diffuse due to membrane. The other receptors are called ligand-based receptors. And that means kind of like a key. The receptor is the lock. Whatever the key is, it turns the lock and then activity is created inside of the cell. This is going on right now and everybody's body does it here. However, if one of these guys become the ligand or is placed inside of a nanolipid envelope like a spike protein, then it can diffuse through or it can be that key and lock and it can start activating things inside of the cell that we don't want to be activated. We call this downregulation or upregulation of genes. Upregulation is turning genes on and making them active. Downregulation is turning genes off. So we don't want to be like any of these other pseudo-health teachers, where they will say things like, oh, disease is not genetic. It's only your lifestyle. That is an ignorant statement. If your mother has cancer, she has genes that were developed because of the compromise of the original code and that memory is stored. It's highly possible that that can pass through as a mutation through the fertile line. And I want to talk about the five types of mutation. You know, this is not a part of your homework right now. I want to talk about the five types of mutation so you can understand it. Because once you understand the five types of mutation, then you understand why I'm showing you this. I'm showing you virus bacteria, fungi, produce, yeast, prions. This is the biologics of it. It does not include the epigenetic factors of things like lead, arsenic, all the heavy metals, pesticides, herbicides, other toxic chemicals, mole. There can be in your house. Kim trails. These are the xenobiotic toxins on the outside. So if we can learn practices through nutrition, supplements, exercise, rest, breathing exercises. A static environment that are highly hygiene, clean, good hygiene practices. We can neutralize the impact of viruses bacteria, fungi, produce, yeast, and prions. We can keep our epithelial surfaces healthy. We can keep our hemoral immune system, which is outside of the cell, antibodies working fine. We can keep our intracellular immune system in a immune system with cytokines and other factors healthy as well. So let's look at mutations real quick because this will help you with your also with your chocks. Because mutations are not just terrestrial. Now, we're going to make that clear today. This is why we need to plan our children and everything that aren't a ghost together. We just did a birth class. We talked about planning children. Planning children means you plan birth trucks. Let's say that one more time. Planning children means you plan birth trucks. And planning birth trucks is a science within itself. We can help the child neutralize adverse energies. Or to even having the presence of adverse energies. So let me put my video up. Go to on the YouTube page. If you haven't subscribed, you can do that. But let me go to this video. This video is going to help you understand what we're talking about. This concept. So let's play this video. If you haven't subscribed to the YouTube page, the ghetto scholar, you about to miss the action. Alright, so let's play this video. You're going to talk about human biological polymorphisms. Then we're going to talk about mutations. The greatest problem we have is scientific confusion via classification. Classification confusion comes by way of using terms that the people don't understand. In a gentry of scientists who do understand, can hide information. Information that's vital to you understanding the basics of you. You passed your present in your future. So we have renamed human evolution to human biological polymorphisms. Why are we doing that? Because polymorphisms deal with changes of our types. In human anatomy and physiology. Specifically in gene code. Evolving has the pretense that we are primitive. And we develop over time into something more advanced. We all know even from our own lives that our health can get bad. Not just in our own life, but we can pass that bad health on to our children, our grandchildren, through our genes. Through our behaviors that epigenetically and genetically impact our genes. So the concept of a one way rise to advancement. Highs the fact that human beings can devolve. Evolution and evolving comes with the possibility of evolution and devolving. And so understanding human biological polymorphisms allows us to go down both highways. So we can properly measure the global genealogy, genetics, past, present, and potential future of humanity with a balanced classification system. This will also allow us to see that scientists have turned human evolution into a belief system. A religion. Let us think. The concepts put forth and regards to natural selection that have grown to the concept of mutations that are adaptations that allow for new traits to come about. Have created great confusion. A good example of this is a dark skin people going into a cold climate. And therefore selecting the trait of light skin. Strictly based on the cold. As we go through this discussion and you listen to what we have to provide as far as evidence and facts. You can see you will see how capacitors these claims are. My simple claim, my simple scientific claim, is that there is not one evolutionary biologist discussing human evolution using the term mutation scientifically correct. As you study this material, you will find this to be 100% correct. After that, you have to contemplate how does a global group of scientists, working in human evolution, genetics, not understand what a mutation is, or is there a gentry that is disseminating education to a group of people who just follow. Either way, we will be able to provide you with the proper information and proper meaning of the terms so that your education will be enlightenment. Clarity and be functional for you in the study of human biological problemorphisms, so that you can understand how we evolve and how we devolve. And what does the subject of mutations have to do with the entire discussion? All of it goes back to you, the genetic diversity, the genetic repair and an attempt to hide your biological reality as indigenous peoples, the power in it, how your biology actually works as opposed to other peoples. These are very, very intense discussions. Intense and a sense of they remove all emotion and only deal with the science. And as the science is laid out, how people respond to it gives them clarity about their past, their genealogy, their genetics. More importantly, what is the best way to respond to that reality as we learn it, to be because they help people. Now let's discuss mutations. There are five types of mutations. Dreamline mutations, somatic mutations, chromosomal mutations, point mutations that do with things called S&P's single nucleotide polymerorphisms. That is adenine, cytosine, grainy, and thymine. And another thing called friendship mutations that also deal with denuclearitites. One of these are hard to understand, we will define each one and return to our conversation on human biological power morphisms, any growing and devolving. The first type of mutation we will discuss are germline mutations. They occur in gametes, or sperm, and over. These mutations are especially significant because they can be transmitted to offspring and every cell in the offspring who have the mutation. An example of these would be if a father drunk alcohol excessively, and he damaged his sperm cells. Those cells, which hold chromosomes, which are made of genes, will allow for those weakened genes through an epigenetic activity, alcohol, to be passed on to the child, and can cause injury to the child. Once the egg is fertilized, that cell can attempt to repair itself of those injuries through a process called methylation. It could be successful, or it could be unsuccessful. And that state of success or lack of success will determine whether that child is healthy or not healthy. Another example for women is a woman on both control. The woman who was on both control can epigenetically impact her over. The damage to the genes can be passed on to the daughter who was conceived. If during gestation, the child is not able to repair the cells, then that trait can be passed on to that child, and that child could develop infertility or other reproductive problems. Somatic mutations occur in other cells of the body. These mutations may have little effect on the organism, because they are confined to just one cell, or stored of cells. Somatic mutations cannot be passed on to offspring. An example of this would be let's say we have someone with an alcohol problem again. In the damages, liver cells, and the genes in those liver cells. Because it is not the reproductive cells, that injury is confined to the liver, and therefore the child will not inherit that particular trait. But the individual will be injured by those mutations, and will need to repair those, or suffer the consequences of a damaged liver. As you can see, neither germline mutations or somatic mutations have anything to do with how evolutionary biologists teach human evolution and discuss mutations or adaptations. So when we continue with the other types of mutations. The third type of mutation is chromosome mutation. chromosome alterations are mutations that change chromosome structure. For example, they occur when the section of a chromosome breaks off. And regions incorrectly, or does not rejoin at all. Or there could be insertions, deletions, additions. All of these are chromosome alterations. Here are some depictions of a deletion, a duplication, an inversion, an insertion, or a translocation. Down syndrome adds a third chromosome and is called trisomy. This causes a genuity disorder. Deletions only twenty-first chromosome cause major brain abnormalities. Pause. Just for the sake of the conversation, we're talking about trisomy. Trisomy is when you have three chromosome sets instead of two. Now, has anybody ever heard someone talk about seated versus not seated, watermelon? And they will say, even if you google this, oh, eating seated, not seated watermelon is perfectly fine. Then when you try to look up how a seedless watermelon is made, they're going to miss inform you. But the reality is that it's caused by trisomy. And so your constant intake, human beings constant intake, epigenetically, of a substance that is seedless can lead to potential problems. And so I just wanted to highlight that epigenetically. You're going to see those problems occur within the next two generations from the prior generation having experienced that. Quemisoner deletions and alterations have nothing to do with human evolution. And there's only one claim in modern science where there's an attempt by scientists to substantiate that chromosome alterations have something to do with evolution. Let's take a look. All of the great apes and monkeys have 48 chromosomes. Humans have 46 chromosomes. Here we see an example of a chimpanzee with chromosome two A and two B. The claim that evolutionary biologists in human evolution studies make is that human chromosome two is a result of a fusion of chromosomes two A and two B in great apes. The reason why this is ridiculous is because chromosome mutations and alterations in nature. Never lead to an improved operation of traits in any animal. The only time in our history where chromosome alterations have led to improvement in species is through genetic modification. And that came from a more enlightened being having the scientific ability to alter the chromosomes to improve that particular species. So unless human evolutionary biologists are saying the Anunnaki actually form humans, then we are left to say that their claim has no merit and we will detail it here. First off, at the two alleged fusion sites, there's absolutely no satellite DNA. In all corners and alterations, you will find satellite DNA at the fusion sites. This satellite DNA makes all coding around the fusion points inactive. The ends of chromosomes are called telomeres. These ends would have fused together at the fusion site. And we would be able to tell based on the amount of base pairs of nucleotides that these were two fusion points of telomeres, which are the ends of chromosomes. The ends of chromosomes where we have telomeres usually have between about 5,000 to 15,000 bases of DNA. At this particular site, there are only 798 DNA letters long of nucleotides. We can see here the 798 DNA nucleotides that are at this particular site. This completely destroys the idea that there was a fusion of two telomeres. Scientists know this. This is where we begin to see that there is a gentry of scientists who want to hide something from us. As we continue to look at chromosome 2 and the alleged fusion site, we find that the site is actually a place of an active gene promoter. DDX-1102 is a gene that overlaps both the entran and the excellent part of the genome. Excellents are a part of the genome that are coded to make proteins. DDX-1102 operates in cell signaling in the extracellular matrix, sort of like a paracron signaling. Paracron signaling is how cells talk to each other. It also operates to make blood cell production. It's an active gene. There is no way that we can have an active gene at a chromosome alteration site, a chromosome mutation site. Human chromosome 2 is not fusion at all. It's an operating chromosome. It meets one of the biological standards as a fusion site. So in summary, evolution is struggle to explain why humans have 46 chromosomes in apesat48. They're both descended from a common ancestor. The supposed answer is diffusion of two chromosomes in the past. The alleged fusion site isn't connected to satellite DNA sequences like documentary fusions are. And it's too small and muddled to be the fusion of two chromosomes. Most importantly, the fusion site is located inside a gene and contains intricate coding functionality. Satellite refuting fusion. The alleged cryptic center of your site is inside a large protein coding gene. Further refuting diffusion idea, the human chromosome 2 fusion theory doesn't hold up to scientific scrutiny. So the great eight family, just like those who have down syndrome, are suffering from additions of chromosomes into their biology. This has caused deformity and MOOC STEM and their common ancestors actually homo sapiens. Therefore, there are the perfect representation of devolving based on biological polymorphisms that have led to their disease states. If we peruse the planet now and we look at most of the great apes, it is humans that are keeping them alive. The populations have done significantly, showing that they do not have fitness to survive. chromosome alterations do not bring about improvement in species. They are the third of five types of mutation that cause devolving amongst biological organisms. A fourth type of mutation deals with point mutations and is connected to S&P's single nucleotide polymorphisms. These are adenine, cytosine, grinding, and thymine. And point mutations in this sense deals with changes in the order or the coding of the four types of nucleotides. Our first type of point mutation is a silent mutation. And this occurs when they mutated code on codes for the same amino acid, therefore causing no issue. Here we have an example of a silent mutation in glutamine. The C stands for cytosine, the A is adenine, and the G is grinding. Since adenine and grinding are both pureings substituting a G causes no issue. And we get the same amino acid produce glutamine. The next type of point mutation is called missets. This is a mutated code on that codes for a different amino acid. And here in we will have a problem as we will see as we continue. Here we have glutamine CAA, and we insert a pyramidine, cytosine, CCA. And now we have a completely different amino acid. The cytosine as a pyramidine does not match the pureing groups. Therefore we have a new amino acid with this missets mutation. Our last type of point mutation is a nonsense point mutation. And it is a mutated code on that is a premature stop code on. Here we have glutamine again, CAA, and we have a urecer inserted as uAA, which is a stop code on, which instructs the stopping of the production of the amino acid chain. This also can present a serious problem in the transcription and translation process of proteins. The important point here though is, now these point mutations with SNP, silent, missets, or nonsense have anything to do with human evolution, natural selection. Or any of the these things or theories that have been presented by evolutionary biologists. Again, what do they mean when they say mutation? We are in our fourth scientific definition for mutation with one to go. And none of them match anything to do with the definitions that evolutionary biologists are using in the human evolution. Our fifth and last type of mutation is called a friendship mutation. It is a deletion or insertion of one or more nucleotides that changes the reading frame of the base sequence. Here are some examples of friendship deletions, remove nucleotides and insertions and nucleotides. Consider the following sequence of bases in RNA. A-g-a-u-a-c-g-g-c-u equals start as per gene, 3-e-n-e-l-l-n. Now assume an insertion occurs in the sequence. Let's say an a nucleotide is inserted after the start code on a-g-g. It equals start, lysine, tyrosine, glycine. Even though the rest of the sequence is unchanged, this insertion changes the reading frame and thus all of the codons that follow. As this example shows, if friendship mutation can dramatically change how the codons in the messenger RNA are red, this can have a drastic effect on the protein product. As we have seen, human evolution presents no concept of mutation that actually goes with the five scientific types of mutation. In their paradigm, fitness is the ability of an organism to adapt. That fitness allows the organism to continue to procreate and avoid disease so that the organism or species can survive. As we will see, the explanations for why human loses their melanin, why human gains or loses a hairy body, for very short from giving throw explanations in regards to human biological polymer fusions. In fact, they only explain genetic disease. And as we continue, we will show genetic repair, genetic diversity, genetic disease, and it all being based on the organism evolving or devolving based on human biological polymer fusions. Now, we will use the S&P networks to explain the scientific fact that there is only genetic diversity, genetic disease, and genetic repair, and that natural selection is a complete myth. In this part, we will go back to our plant mutations and focus on results and nonsense and focus on farm shift mutations, because these types of mutations will help us understand the applicable nature to genetic diversity, genetic disease, and genetic repair. When it comes to the nucleotides, adenine is always coupled with farming, grinding is always coupled with cytosine, or we have functionality in the nucleotide order. It is the transversions we want to watch out for, when A, which is not only coupled with T, is not coupled with C, and G, which is not only coupled with C, is not coupled with T. This crossing of S&P's and plant mutations will cause missing mutations, and they cause decoding for the wrong amino acids. This distortion of the synthesis of proteins can cause major cellular damage, and major malfunctions in physiological processes within a cell. Or they can cause protein synthesis to stop landscapes, plantations, and this all leads to genetic-based disease. Here we have a great example of the point in this article from Gina Medicine. It deals with UV radiation, and how it causes cancer and mutations in the skin of light skin, or European or Eurasian peoples, and how the DNA damage, is repaired, or stays in a disease state. And it reads, cancer mutation signatures from external sources, DNA damage. A major external source of DNA damage is ultraviolet light, which can cause link adjacent pyramid and bases, C, C, T, T, T, and T. If such a pyramid-midden dimmer is not repaired and becomes a substrate for a DNA replication, or a local synthesis, the most DNA polymerases will follow the A-roll and insert two admins opposite the dimmer. Late repair or another round of replication can then immortalize the original region as a C-T-T transition mutation. Thus, the mutational signature of UV light is predominantly C-T-T transitions in dipere-midden context. Other features of UV induced mutigenesis include the occurrence of adjacent mutations, mostly C-C, T-T, and a non-transcribe strain bases due to preferential repair of the transcribed DNA strain. The science behind the nucleotides is that, at a meaning and grinding, are found predominantly in those of African descent, or Indigenous descent. The adenine and grinding are alkaline, the cytosine and thiamine are acidic, the cytosine and thiamine are heavy nitrogenous nucleotides. The adenine and grinding are heavy carbon nucleotides. As the sun is striking, these nitrogen is an ammonia nucleotides. We get lesions, and therefore, when we look at correlations or Europeans, we see that they have higher e-surcizing and thiamine in the nucleotides, and therefore, we get the miscents, nonsense and frame shift mutations from the C-C-C-T, T-C-T and T-T. These pairs, and it explains why they cannot live in high places with high UV light. This has nothing to do with natural selection. Notice in the article, when there is a need for repair, there is an assertion of two adenines, and alkaline, heavy carbon, nucleotide. This begins to show that we are dealing with genetic diversity and genetic repair abilities versus genetic disease. Pale skin is not an adaptation. It is a genetic disease. Nature proves it. The nucleotides prove it. Genetic mutations prove it. It is not a factor of humans evolving. It is a factor of genetic disease and humans devolving. This is why they hide what mutations really are. They're hiding their own reality, their own history, and giving us a pseudo theory in order to hide true science. What you are hearing now is true science. Here we have an article from the International Journal of Molecular Sciences. The MC1 origin is the gene that produces humanin. This article, the MC1R, front and center in the bright side of dark humanin and DNA repair. The article discusses how dark humanin engages DNA repair. When the MC1R gene has mutations, it produces fuel pigments. The yellow to red colors found in Europeans and some Asians. The types of mutations we described before specifically point mutations and friendship mutations. Create a situation where the improper amino acids are produced. Here we have the signaling pathway for humanin versus fuel melanin. The humanin signaling pathway has alpha and melanin stimulating hormone, which the Europeans do not make. The adrenal corticopic tropic hormones that are made control, hydrogen synthesis and regulation of cortisol. The hydrogen synthesis increases fertility and makes for more antibiotic build-up in somatic cells. The metabolic here meaning more complex molecules to make the cells more complex. What I'm simply saying to you is that a napihated dark skin human is more complex, more genetically diverse and genetically superior as the original human of the planet Earth. This is what human evolutionists are trying to hide. When it's read directly from the study, some of the effects of the MC1R agalist, whether they promote MC1R, alpha membrane stimulating hormone and ACTH, and the antagonist ACIP and HPD3, antagonist meaning that they stop the production of functional MC1R, in the impact of loss of function of MC1R on these effects. Activation of the MC1R explores on the cell membrane of melanin sites by either agonist, alpha melanin stimulating hormone or ACTH, activates the camp pathway leading to increased human synthesis, which approaches reactive oxygen species. That's a theoretical, that damages tissue, so melanin is stopping the damage of tissue. And reduces the generation of DNA damage upon UV exposure. Activation of the camp pathway also enhances the DNA repair and antioxidant capacities of melanin sites. So here you see melanin is considered an antioxidant, like the one that you eat to try to keep yourself healthy. The cumulative outcome of these effects is maintenance of genomics stability of melanin sites, treatment of melanin sites with either ACIP or HPD3, antagonizes the effects of melanin stimulating hormone. And therefore expected to reduce genomic stability, reduced genomics stability, to feel melanin. That is, expression of the loss of function of MC1R disrupts the signaling of the agonist power receptor. The effect inhibiting the synthesis of the melanin, allowing only the synthesis of CO melanin, which increases the generation of reactive oxygen species and nitric oxygen species. They are telling you that field melanin is causing low-free radicals and damage. That is not, is not evolution. What's happening here is genetic disease. This is not in our adaptation. This is genetic disease. This is devolving. You don't go to color places and get pale skin. That's not how pale skin came about. And we'll talk about that. And it allows for increased UV-induced DNA damage. Additionally, lack of signaling of the alpha-memorange stimuli hormone bound MC1R via the camp pathway inhibits the activation of anti-oxidant and DNA repair pathways leading to reduced genomics stability. I'll get what's being said here. This is clarity. This is science operating. This is another example of how red hair gets made. The hours are pointing to vermin and argining dysfunction in the synthesis of the amino acids. So here you have again plant mutations that are occurring that cause the melanin not to be placed in the hair shaft. And it's all based on plant mutations. Red hair, pale skin, is not natural selection, it's genetic disease. So what is at the basis of this genetic power or genetic diversity? It is carbon. Carbon is the most covalent chemical on the periodic table. It has the ability to bind with more molecules and a strong capacity than any other element and it is the basis of melanin. Therefore, we have the ability to have more anabolic build-up or more complex molecular structures. So this reality is at the basis of our molecules and our nucleotides. And the ability to make things like alpha melanin, stimulating hormone. Here we see our carbon is the most important element. It's complexity. It has the potential for the most biological complexity. Abundance. It is the most abundant. Stability. It shows that creamy covalent bonds are closer to the nucleus than the other elements that have the ability to bind with four other atoms. So it comes as a binding strip of 134 moles. Carbon is more versatile than building structure than any other element. The more you have of it, the more potential it becomes more complex. Carbon can make single, double, triple or quadruple bonds. There are only five of the elements that can do that and none of them are stable as carbon. Carbon is the third most abundant in a solar system. It is the second most abundant in the body. Carbon can make clear rings. Carbon can make long, long repetitive polymers. It's diverse. It is a part of proteins, carbohydrates and fats. It has the ability to carry a lot of information. It is the backbone of DNA due to its ability to carry a lot of information in long chains of molecules. It is not only the backbone of DNA, it's a part of the actual nucleotides. As shown above, it can protect the nucleotides from mutations. The driving force of chemistry is for atoms, molecules, et cetera, to get to an energy of efficient state. They do this via their design which gives them purpose. Atoms want to bond, molecules want to bond, and carbon is the basis of that bonding. It builds intelligence, molecularly. It is the molecular basis of our genetic diversity. All right. That was a nice little introduction into the subject. Now let's come back and go back to our slide. So we can understand this and then we're going to show this on the celestial level. Back to the pathogens. So now we understand why it's important that we as our doctors are aware of the systems that we're using to heal. The nutrition is to heal. The exercise is to heal. The supplements are to heal. The rest is to heal. The breathing exercise is to heal. We're not going to put fungi in our body as a form of nutrition, aka mushrooms. We don't need nutritional yeast. We're not going to put RNA from a foreign substance into a needle and put it in our body. Pryons. That should say bacterial phage viruses are dead cell particles. So now you understand viruses. They're just dead cell particles proteins. They have to be activated by other pathogens to get into the code to cause a friendship, innocence, nonsense, you get it. So all these reactions people are having to coven 19 shots. All these reactions people are having to GMO food. All these reactions people are having to medications and other things is disrupting the health of the cell and causing all of these different types of mutations. So now when we're looking at the face and the body and we're seeing right in teeth and we're seeing hair falling out and doing our diagnostics. What we are looking at is this happening in the micro world, but it doesn't only happen in the micro world. That's where we're getting to. And since the body is a system of rhythm, we have to stay in rhythm. And so this is why we can look at a birth chart and we can see this function. Are we going to see that this function? We know that the polarity system equals the body. We also know that the same polarity system has what we learned about last week, which are aspects. So now let's learn about the celestial mutations. Because the celestial mutations tell us about the rhythm of the world around us and where it should be. So last week we learned the sun is the blood. Mercury is the oxygen in the enzymes. Venus is the hormones. In Mars is the neurotransmission and neurotransmitters. The moon is the lymph. So we have five movers in the body and they're moving through you right now. Circulatory system, lymphatic system, you're breathing and you have neurotransmission and hormone transmission traveling all the other body to activate that in a rhythm. You get a virus, bacteria of age, fungi, yeast, prions, parasites inside of your body. They start to disturb your body. Well, what happens with these guys is levels to this conversation. So you are supposed to learn where they are in your chart for a very specific reason. It's to become aware of where you may have a mutation so you can quiet the mutation. The mutations in the chart are these red lines. They are called oppositions, squares and semi squares. And they can be silenced by being aware and doing the things that you need to do. The outer planets, Jupiter, inflammation, Saturn, tissue, groves, cancers, fibroids, hardening of tissue, Uranus, or circulation. The surfaces of organs and whether it's healthy or not in your skin, Pluto, conditions upon conception and particular conditions upon death or things that are major transformations or major defeats biologically. Major diseases. So this person has two T squares. One deals with the circulation, one deals with major transformations of disease or health. One is on what? The circulatory system, the other is in the digestive system. Then we can go further. But this is what we're going to do here. We're going to look at these planets in the proper context now because we have to learn about the homefall rise, detriment system. We will come back to this chart. Because the homefall rise, detriment system, along with the opposition squares and semi squares, is going to tell us where we have mutations in our chart. So we can silence those mutations. We come aware of them and then we silence them. So looking at it chart. You can see the 12 body systems. You can see the blood. Mercury is the oxygen in the enzymes, which are carrying out basic past communication activity. Venus is the hormones, Mars is the neurotransmission neurotransmitters, neurons. You got the outer planets and the things that they do, Jupiter, inflammation, Saturn, growth, Uranus, circulation, Neptune, the surfaces of organs and the skin, super important. And Pluto. Conditions upon conception and transformations of major things going on with the body throughout life and things that can cause death. So let's go over this homefall rise detriment system because this is going to put everything in place about us looking at a chart. Because what we're looking at is the human consciousness, the potential of the child, and their whole potential for a healthy or a not healthy biology. And it's going to take practice of looking at chart at the chart to learn the system. But it goes with the body diagnostics and it goes with understanding the basic anatomy and physiology that we're learning, carbon center. All right, so let's go. Open up our homefall rise detriment system. This is in your book, by the way, as well. I'm using power points, but this information is in your book. We'll go to those sections. All right, so let's go back. We got our magnetic aspects, conjuncts in 6,000, 6,000, 6 tiles, semi-squares, squares, trines, oppositions. Semi-squares and 6 tiles should be switched. That should say 60 degrees. That should say 30 degrees. Get the reasons for these. Most people in astrology do not learn this. Why do we have rulerships, rulerships deal with absidial rotation. Affiliant and perihiliant. Reason why mercury rules Gemini and Virgo is because of its orbital significance, meaning when it goes around the sun and perihiliant, it has a function that makes it closer to the sun in third polarity. Just like somebody other planets. Saturn's perihiliant is in 10 polarity. Uranus is perihiliant is 11 polarity. Neptune's perihiliant is 12 polarity. Pluto's perihiliant. Erees or first polarity and Scorpio. So you sometimes see Mars with Erees and Pluto with Scorpio. They're interchangeable. I promise you, you're going to see that. Let's go to the rulerships. Now what the rulerships mean? It means the sun is strongest at its perihiliant, which is Leo. It's strongest. As called its home, when it goes 90 degrees, it's in its fall, another 90 degrees, it's in its opposition, sometimes called deximate, another 90 degrees, it's in its rise, 90 degrees from its home. Sun is a home in Leo, fallen in Scorpio, opposition in Aquarius, rise in Tars. Home, fall, deximate rise. Deximate can just be opposition, so we don't have this bad outlook on it. Each planet has this. So in your homework, you're going to have to go through your birth chart and tell whether yours planet is in one of these four or none of them. For example, my sun is in third polarity, so my sun is in neither of these, but also have a sun in the eight house. So that can go fall, which means why am I looking at all of this? Because of my blood and my heart, the functions of my circulatory system, there are eight house things that I have to watch out for in eight house people, people with or sons and Scorpios, moons and Scorpios. Watch out for those people, watch out for that activity, how it affects the blood. So if you want to know if you have high potential to make sure that we don't have a problem with your blood, if your sun is in Aquarius, you automatically got to give attention to your blood. The health of your blood, your health of your circulation, throughout your life. You having bad issues with circulation will be different than someone who is a Leo. In eighty, because you have a mutation, they don't. So we will go to every planet, this is your homework assignment, and you will look at your moon, which equals your limit. Is it at home, fall, detrimental rise. I have a moon that's in seven polarity. Libra 11 house. So I got to watch out for my life, if my living is in an aspect that can represent fall exercise exercise exercise. You just keep going. Oxygen and enzymes. Mercury's at home, Gemini, fall, Pisces, detriment, Sagittarius, rise, Virgo. And sometimes it's at home, Virgo, so you have to do that whole system again from Virgo. Venus, it goes to hormones, where is it at home? Tarzan Libra, fall, detriment, rise. Mars, neurons, home, areas, fall, detriment, rise. If you have a Mars and Libra, you want to make sure you're brain functioning and your neuromuscular is all together. Because if you start taking a heavy metals, it's going to affect you more and more dangerously and quicker than someone with a Mars and areas. Jupiter, you got a Jupiter in Gemini, or when Jupiter is in Gemini, we're looking at traces. Or your Jupiter has progressed to Gemini. So you got innate birth chart, progressions, and active transit. Acrotrances are where the planets are now, progressions are where the planet has progressed in age on your birth chart. For instance, I was born with my son and third polarity. Now my son is in fifth polarity, Leo. This is why my blood is feeling so good. This is why I talk about blood, blood lines, do so much study in on blood. My son is in a strongest space now, which means my blood is going to be in that space. And everything associated with circulation and blood and blood science and study, so you can look at your progressions. Your progressions go by every year. So I started out 26 degrees Gemini. Now at my age, 49, I would count just by degrees. And I'm going to end up floating around in Leo or fifth polarity. And you just keep going. Saturn, and home in Capacorn, get your men. And kiss, turn around the bone structure for where they lose tumors, growth, et cetera. So I got to look at my son because my Saturn is in the opposite side. It is in cancer, which is opposition. That means I have to deal with everything that has to do with growth. And a mother that developed cancer, so got to be careful. Got to be careful around Capacorns. Got to be careful about everything attached to my lymphatic system. These are all triggers, mutations that you can silence. So Uranus, Neptune, Pluto. Then we go back to our charts and we start seeing stuff. Oh, this person who died. Look where the Uranus is. All the way over here on the detriment at the top of a T-square. Wow, this person died of congestive heart failure. Because they did not understand. They had a mutation in their chart. The red lines represent the mutations. The blue lines, you're safe. They had Uranus. In detriment. In flip polarity because it's supposed to be all the way over here. Then they got a T-square. Got to think about it. Then they got Pluto all the way over here. In the 11th house. It's in six polarity, which is okay. Because the six polarity has no home far-right detriment for Pluto. It doesn't. But look at the houses. Pluto is in 8th and 8th and 8th. It's over here on a square and a T-square. Death. Digestion. What did you take that cause congestive heart failure? Something. You intook something that or was intaking something that caused that scenario. And lastly, after we have all that data, we have the degrees. So we can look at it over here and say, let's look at the degrees. Then Pluto was at one degree. Six polarity. The sun is at zero degrees. So you can start looking at the causes of the disease. The reason why we have these degrees down is because of everything that's in your book. Uranus is at 12 degrees. We're going to look at this. Uranus is at 12 degrees. Pluto at one degree. Let's stop this. Let's go to your book because all this information is in your book. Let's go to your book. And let's figure this out. Twelve degrees and one degrees. Within your book, we go to the end. We have the charts. And what are we going to find? Let's see. Uranus. Twelve degrees. Fifth polarity. Let's take a look. We look at the degree before and after. Twelve degrees. Final column. 13th degree. Right heart chamber. This person died of a heart attack. Can we go to Pluto? One degrees. Virgo? What? Then we say stomach? Can't make this stuff up? Small intestines? They ate something. Got an stomach? Cause congestive. Let's congest the heart. Circulated through the body. We can do forensic analysis on people to see what their issues are. And so, you have this whole home-fall-rise detriment system. In your book. Right here. Starting on this page. Or ending on this page. One or three. You have it. One or one or one or three. And so, you're going to look at your chart. Yeah. 26 degrees would be one. My son is at 26 degrees third polarity. So that would be zero degrees. And you would move one degree at a time. You got to ask that question again. Chris T is not clear. First question. How do we know the polarity systems equals the body? We tested. We know it through testing. I just gave you someone who died of congestive heart failure. And you're not trying to prove anything to anybody. We're not here to prove anything. Unless we have a public discourse or a debate. And you're too early in your development to be trying to prove anything. You need to study it to prove it to yourself first. So ask that other question again. Part of this is, you're doing your own birth chart. You're pulling up the information that you need in order to understand your own chart. Then you're going to do other charts. Then you're going to start to understand. This is something completely new. Trust me. People are here barely can deal with the fact that they're poisoned in themselves every day. Imagine you trying to come to them and tell them that the stars and the planets actually electrically connect to each part of the book. Man, they don't understand what you're saying. This is not to prove to anybody anything. This is for you to learn. Then you to start doing diagnostics. Privately. You don't even have to tell them what you're using to do the diagnosis. That's not a part of what we're doing. What we're doing is we're developing your understanding of the subject. You don't know that the Sun equals blood. You're trying to get into an environment that learned that you can learn it. But we do know one thing. The world and teaching you shit about the Sun. You believe that the Sun is a plasma ball in space. When in fact the Sun is liquid hydrogen. But that's the whole of the subject. Scientists are arguing about whether the Sun is liquid or not now. You've got the whole gentry of scientists who say if something's been a plasma plasma plasma plasma. Then you've got new scientists saying it makes absolutely no sense. We can see ripples on the Sun after coronal mass ejection. Plasma does not ripple. So yeah. Start at the level that you're at and build yourself up. And the Sun corresponds to blood. It's a measuring system. So essentially what we're saying is we have different measuring systems, diagnostic systems. You know the people. The average person is not going to say hey, you can look at somebody's face and tell what's going on inside of your body. Until you do it over and over and over again. And you start to say oh, this is consistency. So what scientific method teaches us is experiment assessment of data conclusions. Repeat the experiment. Repeat the experiment. Repeat the experiment. Repeat the experiment. Repeat the experiment. Over and over and over and over again. You reduce the probability that it's chance. And then once you erase chance. Then you can say the Sun corresponds to blood. In this particular system of the five components and the five conditions. The five components and the five conditions was not invented by anybody. You can't go to no Egyptian table or my in table and buy in the five components and the five conditions. You can't it didn't exist. There you go. Scientific method scientific method is what we're always going to use. And what is that that is going to do with each thing. It allows us to vet things with a proper system. If we are sitting here and we tell you. Exercise is going to improve your lymphatic system. We have to look at somebody with a bad lymphatic system. Exercise them. Exercise them. Exercise them. Then see the improvement. Because otherwise somebody could say. I don't need exercise. I don't believe you. That's unscientific. Exercise is not going to clog my lymphatic system. I can do whatever I want. Let them do it. Then they're going to be like the fat girl. Trying to suit lift. Because the lift driver don't want to break his struts in his shocks. She's probably one of the ones who advocated. I don't believe in your exercise science. I believe I can eat whatever I want. Am I lymphatic system is fine. So there's levels to that. And you're always going to have those types of things going on. What people don't believe. We're not asking anybody to believe anything. We're saying we're going to improve it too. You got to prove it. How do we know our products work? We don't. Until we give them to people. But always tell somebody. Like somebody could say. People come to me all the time. I got this problem. What herbs do I take? I always come to them and say, well, it will be irresponsible for me to give you advice. Because I don't even know what caused your situation. Was it toxic metal? Do you have molding your house? Are you eating bad? Was your height in your weight? I got to collect data in order to move forward. One other question I got. Since at the beginning, one of the classes there was a reminder of germline mutations. And the moon corresponds to lymph. How does the moon and its phases affect a mother's pregnancy or the birth of a child? That's like four questions that are not all connected. You're thinking of the moon controls your lymphatic system. That's not what we're saying. You control your lymphatic system. The sun does not control your blood. The planets are not God's over us as a people. Your lymphatic system is controlled by you. It just so happens that you can look at the moon and say, hey, this is what the moon was when I was born. Let's look at the complex system and see if there's anything potentially adverse so that I don't press the adverse button in my own behavioral dynamic. So the moon phases can tell you potentials but a mother's pregnancy is completely controlled by her awareness or lack of awareness. The birth of a child is controlled by the awareness of the people creating it or the lack of awareness. The planets are not lords over us. That's astrology. I store my client's informational multiple storage methods. Some written, some digital. I have external drives, I have Google drives, I have servers, I have folders, I have all of that. And I keep them streamed a lot across all of those different methods. So don't fall for the astrology which is planets are lords over us and we just victims of where the planets are and no human beings are the supreme being on this earth. And that's not religion, that's not belief, that's just evidence. We are the most advanced life forms on this planet. And nothing is determining anything except our lack of awareness or our awareness. The planets just help us understand the celestial rhythms. You can charge out to music. You can break dance to music. You can do whatever you want. The music is just the rhythm. What you feel inside is what's going to come up. So we got to check these celestial potential mutations. And we check them using the home fall rise detriment system. Using the five components and the five conditions. Understanding that the polarities are connected to the 12 systems. And then looking at our aspects. Red and blue. So that we can see what is helpful. What is a potential challenge. Then once we learn what is the potential challenge. Move forward. I'm telling you this takes practice. The more you do it, the better you get at it. You're not going to be good at the beginning. You're going to be confused because it's new. But the system is present. The system is present in these communications. The system is present in your books. The system is present for you to experiment on. So that you can now use the system over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. Then you start to get your rhythm. Then you can just look at the chart and you can see. Oh, these are the potential problems. I know what I'm looking at and you move forward. Yeah, it takes patience. Patience is something that is developed. You don't just automatically come out and have patience. Children when the mother is not given the breast milk. They end up there like, oh, I'm going to stay. I'm going to be patient and wait on mommy. Because mommy, I know mommy got three things going on. And I'm just going to be up there. That child is screaming. I'm going to be some goddamn milk. I'm hungry. So yeah, you're going to be in that state. And you just have to follow instructions. Follow the homework. Answer the homework. Now you get understanding. Do the experiments. Now you get understanding. We're just going to repeat. All right. We got any more questions before we get up out of here. You have the ability to do that homework assignment. You have the ability to review all of your class work. You've got two, three videos for each class. And you have access to the exam. We have two pre recorded videos to help you get through the exam. And once you get to the exam, you jump into the things. You're busy. This is about learning nutrition to help your clients. Learning supplementation to help your clients. For instance, you're looking at the repair enzyme stuff. And the germline stuff. This stuff is powerful. I can show you a supplement like Lysing. Lysing is editing, editing, editing, editing. It's three DNA repair, nuclear attacks. You can take Lysing as a supplement and help muscle repair. Repair throughout your body. All right. So we need to understand, yeah, we got a supplement. Then you got to exercise. But you got to exercise right. Where is the focus on breathing? Full body motion. Where are you at when you exercise? Are you a woman at playing the fitness around the fear of millions of millions of people, men you don't know? Are you at a park outside? Or in a location that's clean, hygienic, and cloistered away from people. Are you getting enough rest? Are you getting enough sex? Healthy sex. All of this is your world of your health. The epigenetic, the genetic, the memory. These are of father, have some type of disorder that could have came down to germline. Are you regulating bad genes through stress? Are you an overthinker? All of this is your health. So you're going to have to really help your clients understand what healing is because a lot of them have no idea. They just want some herbs. Give me some herbs. They ain't going to cut it. That's a part of it, but it's not going to cut. Life style. There we go. Life style. That's the key. All right. So, yeah, I'm about to get up out of here. I think we covered enough. We're ready to do the homework assignment. If you have questions, you can hit the text line. Always tell people. Stop hitting the old text line. I go sometimes. I go to the old text line and I see 47 messages. Some of them I'm a doctor. I'm like, y'all don't know what the text line is. It's all social media. Always remind you in class. And people still text the other number. I stopped responding. That's the text line. If you have questions. If you have a homework question, you want to email me? Two emails. I'm Rushi Ali at gmail.com. Got a newer email. Geto. Scholar. 101. At gmail.com. So, lifestyle will help people heal. They'll heal every time. If they're not healing every time, they're lying to you. They're lying about what they're eating. They're not taking the supplements. The nutrition is bad. They're not dealing with stress. They're suppressing things. People who heal are honest. People who are not healing, they lie in about something. They're sick. They lie in about something. So, they haven't learned what they need to learn. Like, liars don't heal. Unhappy people don't heal. So, we learned in the things that we need to learn. This class will help you tremendously moving forward with all of what you're doing. Even if you're in phase two. Because we always add some little nuance to the class. Just to improve the observation and everything is going on. And yeah. So, you are ready to do everything you need to do. All right. All right. So, this video will be saved. You will have access to it to the homework or just to study it. And pick up the things that you need to pick up. And yeah, we are done for today. All right. I'll enjoy your Sunday. And I'll be back with you all in a week.
