VIDEO_ID: YCsXnx_mxjM
TITLE: Part 2 Haiti was not the 1st Liberated Jurisdiction of Black People post Colonization
LANGUAGE: en (confidence: 1.0)
DURATION: 569.3s
TRANSCRIBED: 73.8s processing
============================================================

Okay, I'm back for part two, and part two is to show that Haiti is not the first black jurisdiction to completely liberate themselves post colonization. Y'all in third place So all this you gotta say is not the first back republic all this people in my comments I knew y'all was gonna go crazy and now I'm about to make it worse for you Because not only would I show you y'all don't know history I'm gonna show you the American Indians the so-called indigenous black Americans here Don't know their own history and This is the problem your studious level is on zero and your ability to go through information is on zero and the reason is because you're not organized I'm not speaking for myself. I speak from people who write dissertations in a jurisdiction So let me kill this shit. I'll start with this San Basilio de Polenke in Colombia the first place post colonization to liberate itself from these folks screenshot Now I'm gonna go to my vote So after the Mississippi and culture was attacked viciously by these Europeans both black and white Europeans And the there was a dismantling of the Mississippi and culture where did it spring back up again the creek Confederacy So y'all talking about Emperor desolines who is this emperor? How do we know for a fact one day he was black? How do we know for a fact two that there was an Operative jurisdiction that raised itself up after colonization before a Haiti Matter of fact a whole century before aid How do we know that because it's written down But let me tell you why you don't have education about the southeast and tribes see when they put people up Before you two sought over to our Harriet Tubman and they celebrate Martin Luther King. I don't care Which I'll say they celebrate these people because they are poms? They hide all the people who had real work and put real work in here we go. Why don't you know about them? The acts and conduct of the Indian tribes of the southeast More directly and more vitally affected the existence of the English settlements in America then did those Of the Indians of any other section Unfortunately, they escaped the notice of the northern historians who's excellent books have formed the basis of American history taught in our schools consequently Those born within the territory once held by the creeks know a great deal about the eraquite Confederacy and Nothing about the creek Confederacy They have read much about the conspiracy of Pontiac have never heard about the embassy war They are familiar with King Philip and have never heard of Emperor Brim So who is Emperor Brim and let me not disrespect our ancestors? Hobbo Yetley How do I know what these names are? Because the fucking names are all throughout the journals of Congress in South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama Now how come you can't learn about the most powerful emperor? They call him an emperor. He signed his name whole billionately. How come you never learned about those treaties? The treaties of the people who came after him. Shekili Yet we wrote we knew how to take buffalo skin Turn it into parchment and Write on it. Where's the language? Is it London right now that will show you? Anyway, the white man called him Emperor of the creeks though his own people know No such title. It is fairly descriptive of his power and authority among them for he is chief of the tall Colorado. The red wartime whose powers before history began begins has won for it the hegemony of the muskigies and the other tribes that by force or by negotiation have brought into their Confederacy. We cannot tell with certainty just when he first appears upon the stage When we are able to identify him definitively, he gives the impression of great age Old Bren the English call him then so on he seems that we believe he must have been that great Cossie who was in Colorado when the Spanish first published put their canoe in this is in the 1600s So he's talking about how old he was and how long he'd been around Now you all remember I told y'all the Cherokee's are not real and it was Charles Renatus Hicks the most acclaimed Cherokee historian with the largest library not largest library for any Indigenous people the largest library in the late 171s and early 1800s Who said that the Cherokee are basically not even real they came after the mountain builders Why is it here in the book showing that the Cherokees are our number one enemies Wasn't not the Cherokees who sold out the embassy and the creek confederation when we was kicking the white people In South Carolina come on screenshot it there's his name he signed in treaties This is in early 1700s. You can't even get these treaties How you sign the trees if you're not a jurisdiction and they're calling you an emperor over 11 kingdoms in the south And what does it say? And now Brim adopts the spirit Though he knows not the words of the slogan America for Americans he forms a plan to exterminate the white man A plan that seems by no means hopeless at the time if he can combine all the Indians and massacre the English So if you ever heard of the war with the M.A.C. in South Carolina this was not just in South Carolina But this was a whole war in the South screenshot it and it was orchestrated by a black man named Hobbo yet lay or emperor Brim and not only that It was a resurgence to bring back after Colonizing of the Mississippi Valley culture of our ancestors to bring the empire Haiti was still enslaved over there What are you talking about? So you say it right here. What do these people say in for the creeks are a numerous and warlike people and Their emperor as great a politician as any governor in America And how are you gonna pay tribute? Literally taxes to what emperor in the south and we don't even know about it screenshot it So for those of you who are slow just know that your own Congress said the creek were black They passed legislation just a few years ago and he only tried to admit it was the embassy Which they said were black which we have photos descriptions we got all this stuff and so what I'm saying to all of you people in Haitian who come with your pride Keep your pride just know you weren't the first y'all try to pain us as we were some dyes out people a hundred years before Y'all free y'all Republican got y'all stuff back we was right here. He raised the Mississippi and Valley culture right back up Right here in Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, Florida and South Carolina Tennessee and all these other southern areas So I need for my people who are here on this land if you don't know how to study please come to us We have a organized system of study anthropology history health whatever you want to call it Because you're not going to get a head trying to go viral and being dumb as fuck and then when these people who have been your enemies in the past Try to come and say hey, we don't care what y'all say no You need to care y'all people Side it with the enemy against us on record Do say boo is given credit for starting the city that was here before Europeans and Haitians got here So what I need black people to understand that see they get mad about FBA and all that no, I don't get mad Because the disrespect is equal to the the vitriol that some of us are spitting But I'm going to keep it classy and keep it academic the point is Haiti was not the place to liberate yourself you number three
