I don't believe 99% of the people talking about being divinely protected are actually divinely protected, and I wanted to talk about why I believe that and how divine protection works. So divine protection is based off of who you were. It's based off of your past. If a deity or a spirit that is godlike is going to bestow you divine protection, it's because of who you used to be, because that's how they determine whether or not you deserve it. So no matter what you do in the future, it's not revocable. Divine protection also isn't passive, it's active, and what I mean by that is my spirits ended a man's life, and they didn't do that because he was an actual threat. They did that because I thought he was a threat, and me telling them that I thought he was a threat, and that I didn't feel safe around him as long as he still breathed was enough for them to feel the need to protect me. That's how divine protection works. It's not actually rooted fully in reality in that the people they're protecting you from may not actually be threats, but the intense emotions you feel are threatening enough they will protect you from those emotions by simply removing the perceived threat. Likewise, because this divine protection is rooted in who you used to be and what you've done in the past and what you did to deserve it, it's not revocable. I already said that but I don't want to explain it. I could do something terrible and unspeakable to 10 people and they would do everything in their power to keep me out of jail, make sure I have the skill set to cover it up, and would keep protecting me as if I was the person I used to be. Because here's the thing, when divine protection is bestowed, it's not going to be revoked when somebody does something bad, and the reason for that is that these are divine beings. They already know the future, they already know what a person is going to do, they already know what they've done in the past. So if you ever encounter a really bad person who has divine protection no matter what, you can't get an accurate reading on them, your curses on them don't work, everything is going well for them, that's because their divine protection comes from who they used to be or what they've gone through in life. And now they've kind of been given a license to do whatever they want. And really the only way to bypass this divine protection is if they put themselves in a position to have it bypassed, that's the only way to get through it. So for example, if I did do those unspeakable things to people, I would have to get caught. There would have to be evidence left behind that I did something. So really you're free to do whatever you want once your divine be protected as long as you're smart enough not to give yourself your own consequences. The other thing is that divine protection is a collaboration. You don't just get to sit back and enjoy divine protection because it's such a great thing and it will last after you pass away. You'll be protected in spirit and in every life after the one in which you are granted divine protection. Because it's such a great thing, you'll be at the beck and call of your spirit. You will have to work. You will have to work for it. And that's the main reason I don't believe these people is because they act like they don't have to do anything. They act like they don't have to worship and serve their spirits. They act like their spirits don't expect anything. That's not how that works. And I know that for a fact. And because I got truly divine protection within the past month or so thanks to Thai sorcery and it's foolproof. But these spirits expect something. They expect something. They expect something out of it. They have plans for you if you're divinely protected. And you best play into them. You best play into them because while they won't take away your divine protection, if you don't fulfill their plan for you, they have other cards up their sleeve. For example, I want stuff and things and it would be great if I get stuff and things. But if the spirits giving me stuff and things are upset with me, I'm not going to get stuff and things. You understand? It's not transactional, but they expect something. It's definitely not free. And when I say there's no way to bypass truly divine protection, I genuinely mean that. Even if you go to another God and that God says, yes, I'll go help you do divination on this person. I'll help you curse this person. I'll do it myself. They're going to encounter whatever duty is protecting you. And that God is going to be told, no, no. And I know that because I've tried to, I've gotten, I've recently did a divination on somebody that has divine protection and the spirit that was helping me do it said, their spirits have asked me to stop. And I was like, do they know who I am? And they were like, no, they can't see you. And I was like, how was that possible? These are God like beings. And they were like, because the deity protecting you said, no, they're not getting any information on it. And stuff like that blows my mind because it destroys my preconceived views of the world and the ultimate power of the divine. But it's also makes sense. What are the checks and balances for divinities? The only possible thing that could be a check and balance for a divinity is restrictions they place on themselves or restrictions placed on them by other deities. And you would think these other deities would be mad, but they're not, they're not mad. They can't do the thing. They just go back and tell their practitioner, they can't do it, or they don't bring it up at all. Like someone does divination on them. They just won't mention that somebody did divination on them got what they were allowed and then were told to stop. Like they're not mad. They're happy because someone has a strong connection to a divinity and is ultimately achieving the goals that all spiritual beings, all humans who are in the spiritual path, are supposed to be achieving enlightenment. And I can say the person I was getting information on is definitely achieving enlightenment. Why was able to get any information at all? I don't know, but maybe their their divine protection doesn't apply to divination. Mine definitely does. Mine definitely does. And that brings us to another thing. Why am I still doing protection magic if I have divine protection? Just because I have divine protection doesn't mean those spirits are hurting people I don't like. Sure, maybe some of them. I mean, definitely some of them. I know that for a fact, but like people who divine on me and are just genuinely curious, they're not going to hurt them. That's what I have evil spirits who I've bound to do my will to do my bidding for. That's what those guys are for. And they're definitely not offering divine protection because they're not divine. But what they definitely are doing is causing consequences for people. Divine protection isn't always mean or aggressive, especially in the practice. I'm in anti sorcery, which is where I got it from. It's these are beings that know compassion, deep compassion. So I keep a balance and go to beings that don't know compassion to handle my stuff for me because I want it to hurt. And that's something I'm allowed to want. And likewise, just because I'm divine and protected doesn't mean my students are doesn't mean my family is. I still got to do stuff. I got to do a lot less stuff, but I still got to do stuff. And the truth of the matter is I'm in the beginning of my practice. I've already achieved this over time. I'm going to need less and less and less and less. I'm going to have less and less and less work to do. I'm going to need to put less and less energy into my practice. And that's already starting to happen. Like making some of the most powerful spiritual waters and oils I've ever encountered takes barely any time compared to what it used to take. But I still have my old practices. I like to do stuff from them. It's very nuanced. And I think that's what people are missing, is that this is nuanced. But just keep things things in mind when you see people claiming to be divinely protected. Because I, for one, am a little s-