Okay, so you want to know how to combine your spells. Combining spells is very tricky at first, but once you kind of get the hang of it and know what you're doing, it actually becomes something that you would much rather do because spells and intentions have so many more layers than meets the eye, okay? So let's say that you want to do a money spell. You're not just doing a money spell. What is the situation that you are in with money right now? Is it that you don't have enough money? Is it that money comes and it leaves very quickly? Is it that you have a lot of like financial debt? Is it that you have a shopping problem? Like what is it that is causing you to have an issue with money? Once you know what that is, then you know what you can use to combat that when the money that you're drawing in comes. So let's say you're someone who is a very impulsive shopper. Like you just see things and you buy it like you're not really thinking. Instead of just doing a spell to bring in money, you are going to do a combined spell for mental clarity and to bring in money. Because not only do you want the money to come in, you want to be actually thinking clearly when this money comes in. So you know, okay, I need to pay my bills. I need to save and then whatever tiny little bit I have left, then I'll use that to buy all this stupid shit. You're not just going to get the money and start buying stupid shit immediately. Or if you're in a situation where like you get the money and like there's people in your life who just take this money away from you, maybe you're going to do a combined money and protection spell. So not only are you bringing in the money, but you are protecting the money and making sure that that money stays in your hands. Or maybe you're someone who has a lot of anxiety around money and you actually do have money, but it's very difficult for you to feel like you have enough money. Maybe you're going to do like an emotional security spell combined with a money money spell so you can like work with or around your issues with money. Another example, let's say that you want to start like a social media career, right? And you want to like be known for being beautiful, right? You are going to do a combined career success and beauty spell and you're going to title of those intentions together. So the beauty that you're bringing in is going to be used to attain success in the social media that you're doing, which is then going to bring you money. You see how you just put all those things together? You guys think about stuff. You guys think about stuff. Don't just get so like spell happy that you just started doing a bunch of random shit. Think about all the different layers. Think about all the different intentions that are going to come out of what it is that you want. Like literally break it apart. Like doing spells should feel like science at some point. It's like, okay, what are the many factors that are going to come into play in this situation? How can I like combat this and guard against that and stuff like that? But yeah, I think like combining spells is very important because everything has multiple intentions under it. Like you don't just want to bring in money. You want the money to stay. You don't just want to bring in money. You want to bring in enough money to buy a certain thing that you want to buy. Like there's different things and you need to figure out what those things are and put all those things together. Which is another reason why I think petitions are so important regardless of what kind of spell you're doing. You need to fully write out exactly what it is that you want. Exactly write out exactly what the situation is that it is right now. Or if you're someone who does like affirmation kind of manifesting, which is what I do, I write things as they are. So I will speak as myself that has these things and I will like talk about every single factor at play. So I don't like miss anything. But yeah, hope that helped.