Throughout the series, I've said that ancestors come first. And that's true within the context of spirit work. Before deities, before saints, before angels, demons, infernos, other forces, your ancestors come first. That order stands across pre-colonial traditions and what makes practical strategic sense. But what about you? Where do you fall in the hierarchy? This question depends on which tradition you follow, who you ask, and your own personal philosophy and practice. Only you can answer this question for yourself. As I've emphasized in previous videos, self-mastery, self-work, personal development is your first, most important step in your spiritual journey. Building a deep intimate relationship with yourself directly impacts your relationships with your spirits, including your ancestors and deities. And it has deep, lasting implications for your practice and its longevity. My personal stance is a more robust version that is based on being a powerful sovereign. As a sovereign, I worship no one and no God. I am the alpha and omega around this bitch. I am the supreme deity in my world and in my practice. I come first. My ancestors come second. My spirits are my allies and my partners. Their role is to support me and my mission. And by centering myself and my mission, I inadvertently honor them in everything they stand for. Here's the practical truth underneath the philosophy. You are your first altar. You are your first ministry, your most important project, you are the most important ingredient in your magic and your spell work. You are the most important being on your spiritual team. In addition to this, you cannot elevate ancestors you don't have the energy to work with. You cannot tend to an altar you don't have the bandwidth to maintain. An empty vessel pours nothing. Your ancestors need you functional, well, and growing because you are their only hands in the physical world. Tend to yourself with the same devotion you will bring to ancestors and deities. Your elevation is their elevation. It has always been the same work. The ancestral key conjure oil supports both. You use it to strengthen your channel to your elevated ancestors. While you do the work of becoming someone worthy of what they're trying to pass down. The next batch is being charged right now and pre-orders are open. Tap the website of my profile. As the deep folks like to say, you cannot pour from an empty cup. Fill yourself first. Share this video and follow me for episode 25 to rant about the annoying things people say and do about ancestors.