I've had multiple friends and neutrals and just random strangers on the internet admit to trying to do a divination on me without my consent. And I think that the public thinks divination is fine because who's gonna be upset at somebody just trying to get information on someone, you know, being honest, no maliciousness. I am a very, very, very private person. I keep things from everyone in my family. I remember in high school, my mom didn't even find out I had a boyfriend, I think, until she met him. I was like, Hi, mom. This is my boyfriend. So I keep things from everyone in my life because I'm super private and I don't care to share. I don't want people scrounging around in my business. But that's not the point of this video. The point of this video is that you should be protecting yourself from divination. And you should be mean about it. So let's talk about what your divination watch should look like. The first thing you want to do with concealments, divination isn't going to work on you if you have strong enough concealments. And okay, yeah, people can burst their concealments, they can break them just like any other protection. But a lot of my anti divination words are just concealments at various prickly levels. The second thing I have built into my words is a jump spell that will jump out at any tool used against me magically in any sort of way without my permission. And this even applies to healing spells done by people I don't like, because sometimes they want some painful healing. I will corrupt people's herbs, I will curse people's cards, I will remove consecrations from wands used against me, alters will find themselves drained of their spirits. Like I have a heavy weight curse built into my anti divination, I'm built into my protections against the tools of any way for any of any form in the magical community. Mirror wards love those I have a bajillion mirror wards I use them all the time. Whenever all of the other things fail, I kind of redirect the divination being done, either back at the person doing it so they just read themselves which most people aren't self aware to know that's happening or towards a total stranger. Like I will sometimes pick up cigarette butts and hair I find on the ground and I'll just use it in spells. I'll use it in spells, not to like curse those people, but I'll use them in something called a redirection ward so any curses, jinxes, taxes, spiritual work, anything like that, my way is redirected to some random. So half the time people have their cards thrown everywhere and then the other half of the time people end up with like, they end up with what looks like a real reading that is about a total stranger which can get total confusing to really confusing whenever they start asking super specific questions about well what does this person think about me? Imagine like pulling a card that tells you they don't think of you at all because they don't know you and then you being like huh well I guess Kai does have a memory disorder. Maybe whoever's fronting right now in their system, I'm a DID system, doesn't like doesn't know who I am. Yep sure keep telling yourself that and I have him even meaner ones but I'm not going to get into those because they don't know fully young practitioners heads with all the possibilities right now but let's just say I'm a vindictive person and protections are vindictiveness on autopilot and it's done wonders for not wanting me for not wanting to get revenge. 10 out of 10 recommend be super mean be mean mean mean