Here's why you should use R&B music, rhythm and blues and dance hall or anything from the western diaspora if you are connected to the african diaspora and reside here in the west when you are doing your candle work. Traditionally, green candles are meant to represent money. However, if you come from a system like Foudon, right, you understand the reasons why we use colors that colors are the things that address a particular spirit that is a part of a particular nation, mashon meaning that that spirit utilizes a color to identify itself not only in candle work but in offerings in the colors that we wear to represent them. So colors take on a double meaning. However, it is such a thing that when especially you're working with your ancestors, you can utilize music to feed your candle. Women who are particularly connected to the african diaspora here in the west, I would say I encourage you to use particularly the 90s and early 2000s R&B to feed your candle, feed it for the manifestation of the energy that you want to see. The 90s was a time when black women in particular were able to be every facet of themselves. Think SWV, think escape, right? Think TLC being able to wear masculine clothes and still retain their femininity, celebrated for their femininity. The 90s was a time where our foremothers thrived. Think Maxine Shaw from Living Single, Khadija, I don't need you. When we think about that time and that particular era from the 1990s going all the way to the 2000s, our women were allowed to be. Now, albeit there are some instances and nuances that of course us as women that are connected to the african diaspora have always struggled with representation. However, internally within our communities, we were celebrated, right? There were songs, think about rap songs like The Black or the Berry, The Sweet or the Juice, etc., etc., Allah Tupac, right? Perhaps his treatment or of his personal life is not something that we can delve into, but I want to keep it specific to the music, to the 808, the drums, which is a large connection to our spirits. Music is something that we as a people hold near and dear to us and it's something that I encourage you if you're particularly connected to this diaspora when you are doing your candle work, to make music work with your intention. Whenever you have a candle, for example, like a green candle that you're calling in luck, right? I'll be dressed with the ingredients that is given to you by your ancestors or the energies that you walk with. I can tell you that when you feed it with music, you can literally see the energy responding. I said a lot to say, if you are interested in knowing about how to utilize music with your candle work, particularly the 90s, the 2000s, let me know in the comments. If you're just interested to know how the colors correspond with the energy that you're trying to call in, whether it be a water spirit, a earth spirit, a fire spirit, air spirit, just let me know because your candle work can be taken to the next level just by curating a particular experience for your spirit. Spirits love music. This is the way that they've always manifested. This is what they are called to, but it's particular beats, right? That hold the secret.