When you are doing spell work it is very important to break down your spell to every last factor that could come into play. Like for instance right if you wanted to do a money spell you're not just gonna do a spell where you use things that are related to just bringing you money. You're gonna do things that are related to clearing negative energy so you're clearing any negative blocks that you have towards money. You're gonna use certain things that are good for mental clarity because you want to have mental clarity so you're able to keep the money. You want to use certain spells that are for protection so you can protect your money so your money could keep working for you. Little things like that like you have to look at things from a full like circular perspective. It's like what are all the elements of this because I feel like one reason why a lot of people's like money spells or money manifestation spells don't work is because you're thinking of it in just one way of like okay I want I want money I want to get money. Okay how how is that money gonna come to you? What is it that you're doing? What avenues have you created? What streams have you created that this money can use to find you? You know what are some ideas that you have that could make you money that you've been choosing for a long time not to act on? What are some talents that you have that can make you a lot of money but because you're insecure or whatever you're choosing not to act on those things there's lots there's lots of stuff that comes into it. You know what I mean? I have some people who like tell me like oh yeah like I've been trying to like work on like my social media and stuff but like it's not working out and it's like yeah because your self confidence sucks. Like there like everything that you want that you don't have there is a reason why. There is something that you could be doing that you are not doing and the sooner you can figure out whatever that thing is or just find a name for that thing. Figure out what the name of that thing is and then put it into your spell. Very simple. But yeah.