Over a year ago now, Isis came to me and I had been asking for a long time, how do I heal people faster? How do I help people transform faster? And she came to me in Bali and started talking to me about pleasure, about transformation, identity, fundamental body chemistry, transformation. And what she was telling me is that women are trapped in masculine energy a lot of the time because they're being forced to output without anyone, anything, any system, any self pouring into them. Women's body runs energy differently, the womb space, like we are amplifiers. So if we're constantly out pouring ourselves in a capitalistic society, in a patriarchal society, we are frying our nervous system, a lot of you have felt this, and we contextually know we want pleasure, we want finances, we want deeper connections, but when the nervous system has been trained over 20, 30, 40 years to be an out pour, to be a stressor, then she has kind of lost the plot. Her biology is now running in the 90% subconscious, when her 10% subconscious is like, I know I want that, how do I achieve that? So Isis helped me develop Holy Harlot. And it really was a difficult process for me to go through myself because I was in my masculine energy. I want to prove, I want to give, I want to heal, I want to create a dynamic business. And she really gave me all of these codes that were like, that's not how you get it. It's through embodiment, it's through pleasure, pleasure heals 10 times faster than repetition alone. Why are we so scared to seek things that feel good? Because we have lost our intuitive context. We're trying to live in this, this masculine mind driven world of logic, prove it, prove it. Oh, I feel something. Well, you're not supposed to, you can't feel bad, you shouldn't feel that way. It is destroying our nervous system and the nervous system is predictive. So it will keep you in a familiar hell over a beneficial heaven if it can predict the hell. The way out, the way into your full soul blueprint is through pleasure, is through nervous system recalibration, is through the feminine energy. Obviously this is for women, right? I have struggled trying to bring down my masculine energy and heal my hormones, heal my nervous system so that I can receive more. Those codes have fundamentally changed my life and they have changed the lives of so many other women. It starts with you. What are you pouring into yourself?